‘oreeps up one's tegs and tingles at the heart. This ship and [are two.
brave fellowstHa, hal Some one take me up. and launch me, spine-wise,
‘an the sea,—for by tive-oaks! my spine’s a keel. Ha, haf we go the gait
that leaves no dust behind”

“There she blows—she blows!—she blows!—right ahead” was now the
masthead cry.

“Aye, aye!” cried Stubb, “knew it_ye can't escape—biow on and split
‘your spout, O whale! the mad fiend himself is after yel blow your
‘rump—blister your lungs!—Anab wil dam off your blood, as a miller
shuts his watergate upan the steam!"

And Stubb did but speak out for well nigh al that crew. The frenzies
ofthe chase had by this time worked them bubbiingly up, like old wine
worked anew. Whatever pale feats and forebodings some of them might
have felt before; these were not only now kept out of sight trough the
growing awe of Ahab, but they were broken up, and on ail sides routed,
13s timid prairie hares that scatter before the bounding bison, The hand
of Fate had snatched all their souls; and by the stiring perils of the
previous day; the rack of the past night's suspense; the fixed,

‘unfearing, blind, reckioss way in which their wid craft went plunging
towards ifs fying mark, by all these things, their hearts were bowled
along. The wind that made great betties of their sails, and rushed the
vessel on by arms invisible as iresistible; this seemed the symbol of
that unseen agency which so enslaved them to the race,

‘They were one man, not thity. For as the one ship that held them al
though it was put together of all contrasting things—oak, and maple,
and pine wood; ron, and pitch, and hemp—yet ail these ran into each
other in the one concrete hull, which shot on its way, both balanced
and directed by the tong central keel: even so, ail the individualities
ofthe crew, this man’s valor, that man's fear; quilt and guitiness,

all varieties were welded into oneness, and were all directed to that
faiai goal which Ahab their ane tord and keel did point to.

‘The rigging fived. The mastheads, like the tope ofall palms, were
outspreadingly tufled with arms and tege. Clinging to a spar with one
‘hand, some reached forth the other with impatient wavings; others,
shading their eyes from the vivid sunlight, sat far outon the rocking
yards; all the spars in full bearing of mortats, ready and tipe for

their fate. Ant how they stil strove through that infinite blueness to
seek out the thing that might destroy thea!

“Why sing ye not out for him, Tye see him?” cried Ahab, when, after
the lapse of some minutos since the first ory, no more had been heard,
“Sway me up, men: ye have been deceived: not Moby Dick casis one odd
jetthat way, and then disappears.”

twas even s0;in their headiong eagemess, the men had mistaken some
