things, and not fancy ourselves so vastly superior to other morta,
pagans and what not, because oftheir half-crazy conosits on these

subjects. There was Gueequeg, now, certainly entertaining the most

absurd notions about Yojo and his Ramadan—but what ofthat? Queequeg
thought he knew what he was about, | suppose; he seemed to be content;
and there let him sest. All our arguing with him would not avail, et

‘him be, say: and Heaven have merey on us all_—Presbyterians and Pagans
alike —for we are all somehow dreadiully cracked about the head, and

sadly need mending

‘Towards evening, when [elt assured that all his performances and
situals must be over, ! went up to his room and knocked at the door,

‘but n0 answer. H ied ta open it, but twas fastened inside.

“Queequeg,.” said | softy through the key-hole:—all silent. “say,
‘Queequeg! why don't you speak? t's Ishmael” But all zemained stil
as before. ! began to grow alarmed. Fhad allowed him such abundant
time; tthought he might have had an apoplectc fit. Hooked through

the key-hote; but the door opening into an odd comer of the room, the
key-hole prospect was but a crooked and sinister ane. Foould only see
part of the footboard of the bed and a line of the wall, but nothing

‘more. was surprised to behold resting against the wail the wooden
shaft of Queequeg’s harpoon, which the fandiady the evening previous
‘had taken from his, before our mounting to the chamber. That's strange,
thought f; but at any rate, since the harpoon stands yonder, and he
seldom or never goes abroad without it, therefore he must be inside
here, and no possibie mistake,

“Queequeg!—Queequeg!—ail stil, Something must have happened,
Apoptexyt! tried to burst open the door, but it stubbomiy resisted
Running down stairs, | quickly stated my suspicions to the first person
tmet—the chamber-maid, “Lalla she cried, “thought something must
be the matter. Fwent to make the bed after breakfast, and the door was,
tocked: and not a miouse to be heard; and it's been just go silent ever
sinoe. But I thought, may be, you had both gone off and locked your
baggage in for safe keeping, Lalla, ma'am’—Mistress! murder! Mrs.
Hussey! apopiexy"—and with these cries, she ran towards the kitchen.
following,

‘Mrs, Hussey soon appeared, with a mustard-pot in one hand and 2
vinegar-cruet in the other, having just broken away from the occupation
of attending to the castors, and scolding her litle black boy

meantime,

“Wood-house!” cried |, ‘which way to it? Run for God's sake, and fetch
something to pry open the door—the axel_the axet he's had a stroke:
‘depend upon it—and so saying twas unmethodically rushing up stairs
again empty-handed, when Mrs. Hussey interposed the musiard-pot and
vinegar-omuet, and the entire castor of her countenance.

“What's the matter with you, young man?”
