“Faith, sir, Fve——
Faith? What's that?”

“Why, faith, sr, it's only a sort of exclamation tike—that's a

“Um, um go on
“twas about to say. sir, that —

“Art thou a silkworm? Dost thau spin thy own shroud out of thysett?
‘Look at thy bosom! Despatch! and get these traps out of sight”

“He goes aft. That was sudden, now; but squatls come sudden in hat
Jatitudes. !'ve heard that the Isle af Albemarle, one ofthe

Gallipagos, is cut by the Equator ight in the middie. Seems to me some
sort af Equator cuts yon old man, too, right in his middle. He's always
under the Line—fery hot, Hell yet He's tooking this way—come, oakum;
quick Here we go again. This wooden matietis the cork, and Fm the
professor of musical glasses—iap, tap!”

{Ahab to himsett_}

“There's a sight! There's a sound! The greyheaded woodpecker tapping
the hotiow tree! Blind and dumb might weil he envied naw. See! that
thing resis on two fine-lubs, full offow-tines, A most malicious wag,

thal fellow. Rat-tall So man's seconds tick! Oht how Immaterial are att
‘mmateriais! What things real are there, but Imponderabie thoughis? Here
aw’ the very dreaded symbol of grim death, by a mere hap, made the
expressive sign ofthe help and hope of most endangered fife. A
{ife-buoy of a caffint Does it go further? Can itbe that in some

spiritual sense the coffiis, after al, but an immortality-preservert

Fi think of that. But na. So far gone am Lin the dark side of earth

that is other side, the theoretic bright one, seems but uncertain

‘vitight to me. Will ye never have done, Carpenter, with that accursed
sound? } go below; fet me not see that thing here when treturn again
Now, then, Pip. we'l taik this over, Ido suck mast wondrous
philosophies from thee! Some unknown conduits from the unknown worlds.
‘must empty Into thee!”

CHAPTER 428. The Pequod Meets The Rachel

Next day. a targe ship, the Rachel, was desctied, bearing directly down
‘upon the Pequod, all her spars thickly clustering with men. At the time
the Pequod was making good speed through the water: but as the
‘broad-winged windward stranger shot nigh to her, the boastful sails all
fell together as blank bladders that are burst, and all ile fled rom

the smitten hu
