‘him, with an “Ettu Brute expression

itis not, perhaps, entirely because the whale is so excessively
unctuous that landamen seem to regard the eating of him with
abhorrence; that appears to result, in some way, fram the consideration
before mentioned: _i.e._ that a man shauld eat a newly murdered thing
of the sea, and eat it too by its own fight, But no doubt the frst man

that ever murdered an ox was regarded as a murderes, peshaps he was,
‘hung; and iThe had been put on his trial by oxen, he certainly would
have been; and he certainty deserved it ifany murderer does. Go to the
meat-market of a Saturday night and see the crowds oflive bipeds
staring up at the long rows of dead quadrupeds. Does not that sight
take a tooth out ofthe cannibat's jaw? Cannibats? who isnot a
cannibal” Hell you Itwill he more tolerable for the Fejee that

satted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming farming; it
will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, Isay, in the day of
judgment, than for thee, clvilized and enlightened gourmand, who
nailest geese to the ground and feastest an their bloated livers in thy
paté-de-foie-gras.

‘But Stubb, he eas the whale by its own tight, does he? and that is,
adding ingult to injury, is #2 Look at your knife-handle, there, my
civilized and enlightened gourmand dining offthat roast beef, whatis,
that handle made of?—what but the bones of the brother of the very ox
you are eating? And what do you pick your teeth with, after devouring
that fat goose? With a feather ofthe same fowl, And with what quill

did the Secretary of the Soviely for the Suppression of Cruetty to
‘Ganders formally indite his circulars? ttis only within the last month

‘or two that that sociely passed a resolution to patronize nothing but
steel pens.

CHAPTER 68, The Shark Massacre

‘When in the Southern Fishery. a captured Sperm Whale, after ong and
weary toll, s brought alongside late at night, Itis not, as a generat
thing at feast, customary to proceed at once to the business of cutting
‘him io, For that business is an exceedingly iaborious one; is not very
soon completed: and requires ail hands to set about it. Therefore, the
‘common usage is to take in aif sail, Jash the helm allee; and then send
every one below to his hammock till daylight, with the reservation

that, unti that ime, anchor-watches shail be kept; that is, hwo and

two for an hour, each couple, the crew in rotation shall mount the deck
to see that all goos weil

But sometimes, especiatly upon the Line in the Pacifc, this pian wilt
not answer at afl; because such incalculable hosts of sharks gather
Tound the moored carease, that were he left so for six hours, say, on 2
stretch, ttle mare than the skeleton would be visible by morning. in
‘most other paris af the ocean, however, where these fish do nat so
