View, aa if diving under the keel. “Cut, cut? was the ery from the
ship to the boats, which, for one Instant, seemed on the point of being
‘brought with a deadly dash against the vessel's side. But having plenty
of line yetin the tubs, and the whale not sounding very rapidly, they
paid out abundance of rope, and al the same time pulled with all their
‘might so as fo get ahead of the ship. For a few minutes the struggle

‘was intensely critical; for whife they stil stacked out the tightened

tine in one dicection, and stil plied their oars in another, the

‘contending strain threatened to take them under. But twas only a few
‘eet advance they sought fo gain. And they stuck to itil they did

{gain it; when instantly, a swift tremor was fell sunning like fightning

along the keel, as the stained line, scraping beneath the ship.
suddenly rose to view under her bows, snapping and quivering; and so
flinging offits drippings, that the draps fell tke bits of broken

glass on the water, while the whale beyond also rose to sight, and once
‘more the boats were fiee to fy. But the fagged whale abated his speed,
‘and blindly altering his course, went round the stern of the ship

towing the two boats after him, sa that they performed a complete
eireuit

Meantime, they hauled more and more upon their fines, ti close
fanking hie on both sides, Stubb answered Flask with lance for lance
and thus round and round the Pequod the battle went, while the
multitudes of sharks that had before swum round the Sperm Whate's body,
fushed to the fresh blood that was spited, thirsty drinking at every

new gash, as the eager tsraeiites did at the new bursting fountains

that poured from the smitten rock.

Attast his spout grew thick, and with a frightful rol and vor, he
umed upon his back a corpse.

‘While the two headsmen were engaged in making fast cords to his fukes,
and in other ways getting the mass in readiness for towing, some
conversation ensued between them.

“wonder what the old man wants with this Kump of foul lard," said
Stubb, nat without some disgust at the thought of having to do with so
ignobie a jeviathan

“Wants with it?” said Flask, coiling some spare fine in the boat's bow,
“did you never hear that the ship which but once has a Sperm Whale's,
head hoisted on her starboard side, and at the same time a Right
\Whale's on the farboard; did you never hear, Stubb, thal that ship can
never afenwards capsize"

“Why not?
*1don't know, but Heard that gamboge ghost af a Fedallah saying so,

and he seenis to know all about ships’ charms. But Fsometimes think
‘he'll charm the ship to no good at fast. }don't haifike that chap,
