ye dead. Perchance ye need it not. Down lances! And now, ye mates, 1 do
appoint ye three cupbearers to my three pagan kinsmen there—yon three
‘most honorable gentlemen and noblemen, my vatiant harpaoneers. Disdain
the task? What, when the great Pope washes the feet of beggars, using

his tara for ewer? On, my sweet cardinats! your own condescension,
_that_shall bend ye to i. }do not order ye: ye will it. Cut your

Seizings and draw the poles, ye harpooneers*

Silently obeying the arder, the three harpooneers now stood with the
detached iron part of their harpoons, some three feet ong, held, barbs
up, before him,

“Stab me not with that keen steel Cant them; cant them over! Know ye
not the gobiet end? Tum up the socket! So, s0; now, ye cup-bearers,
advance, The ironst take them; hold them while [ilF Forthwith,

slowly going from one officer to the other, he brimmed the harpoon
sockets with the flery waters from the pewier.

“Now, three to three, ye stand. Commend the murderous chalicest Bestow
them, ye who are now made parties to this indissoluble league. Hal
Starbuck! but the deed is done! Yon ralifying sun now waits to situpon

i Drink, ye harpeoneers! drink and swear, ye men that man the

deathful whateboat's bow—Dealh to Moby Dick! God hunt us ait, we do
‘at hunt Moby Dick to his death? The tong, barbed steel goblets were
ied: and to cties and maledictions against the white whale, the

spifits were simutlaneously quaffed down with a hiss. Starbuck pated,
‘and turned, and shivered. Once more, and finally, the replenished
pewter went the rounds among the frantic crew: when, waving his free
hand to them, they all dispersed, and Ahab retived within his cabin,

(CHAPTER 37, Sunset.
_The cabin; by the stem windows; Ahab siting slone, and gazing out_,

Heave a white and turbid wake; pale waters, paler cheeks, where'er I
sail. The envious billows sidetong swell to whelm my track, fet ther,
but frst !pass.

Yonder, by ever-brimiming goblets sim, the warm waves blush ike wine.
‘The gold brow plumbs the hiue. The diver sun—siow dived from noon—goes
down; my soul mounts up! she wearies with her endless hil. Is, then,

the crown too heavy that fwear? this Iran Crown of Lombardy. Yeti it

bright with many a gem: the wearer, see not its far Rashings; but

darkly feel that I wear that, that dazzingly confounds. is iron—that
Henow—net gold. Tis spiit,oo—that ! feel the jagged edge gaits me

50, my brain seems to beat again the solid metal, aye, steel skull

mine; the sort that needs no helmet in the most brain-batlering fight!

Dy heat upon my brow? Ohf time was, when as the sunfise nobly spurred
