_"Sweet fields beyond the swetting food, Stand dressed in tiving
‘Green. So to the Jews old Canaan stood, While Jordan rolled between.

Never did those sweet words sound more sweetty to me than then. They
were full oThope and fruition. Spite of this figid winter night in

the boisterous Aantic, spite of my wet feet and wetter jacket, there

‘was yet, itthen seemed fo me, many 2 pleasant haven in store; and
‘meads and giades so eternally vernal, thal the grass shot up by the
spring, untrodden, unwitled, remains al midsummer

Atlast we gained such an offing, that the two pilots were needed no
fonger. The stout sail-boat that had accompanied us began ranging
alongside

was curious and not unpteasing, how Peleg and Bildad were affected
at this juncture, especially Captain Bildad. For toath to depart, yet,

very loath to feave, for good, a ship bound an so tong and perilous a
voyage—beyond both siormy Capes, a ship in which some thousands of his,
hard eared dottars were invested, a ship, in which an od shipmate

sailed as captain; a man almost as old as he, once more starting to
‘encounter ail the terrors ofthe piles jaw: toath to say good-bye to

a thing so every way brimiul of every Interest to him,—poor ald Bildad
lingered tong; paced the deck with anxious strides; ran down into the

cabin to speak another farewell ward there: again came an deck, and
looked to windward: looked towards the wide and endless waters, only
bounded by the far-off unseen Eastem Continents; looked towards the

land: looked atof; looked right and left; jooked everywhere and

nowhere: and at fast, mechanically coding a sope upon its pin,

convulsively grasped stout Peleg by the hand, and holding up a lantern,

{or a moment stood gazing heroically in his face, as much as to say,
“Nevertheless, riend Peleg, tean stand it, yes, Fear.”

As for Peleg himself, he took it more like a philosopher; but for all
‘his philosophy, there was a tear twinkting in his eye, when the lantern
came too near. And he, 100, did not a fitie run from cabin to deck—now
a word below, and now a ward with Starbuck, the chief mate.

But, at last, he tuned to his comrade, with a final sort oftook about
‘nioi,—"Captain Bildad—come, old shipmate, we must go. Back the main-yard
there! Boat ahoy! Stand by to come close alongside, now! Careful,
carefull_come, Bildad, boy—say your last. Luck to ye, Starbuck—tuck to

ye, Mr. Stubb—tuck to ye, Mr. Flask—good-bye and good tuck to ye

‘all_and this day three years Iii have a hot supper smoking for ye in

‘ald Nantucket. Hurrah and away

"God bless ye, and have ye in His holy keeping, men," murmured old
Bildad, almost incoherently. “| hope ye'll have fine weather now, so
that Captain Arab may soon be moving among ye—a pleasant sun is all he
