narrated fo each other their unholy adventures, their tales of tomor
told in words of mirth; as their uncivilized laughter forked upwards

out of them, tike the flames from the furnace, as to and fro, in their

front, the harpoonsers wildly gesticutated with their huge pronged

forks and dippers; as the wind howled on, and the sea leaped, and the

ship groaned and dived, and yet steadfastly shot her red hail further

and further Into the blackness ofthe sea and the night, and scomfully
‘champed the white bone in her mouth, and viciously spat round her on

all sides; then the rushing Pequod, freighted with savages, and taden

‘with fire, and burning a corpse, and plunging into that blackness of

dackness, seemed the material counterpart of her monomaniac commander's
soul

So seemed ito me, as | stood at her heim, and for long hours silently
‘Quided the way of this fre-ship on the sea. Wrapped, for that

interval, in darkness myself, Lbut the better saw the redness, the
madness, the ghastiness of others. The continual sight of the fiend
shapes before me, capering half in smoke and haifin fre, these at
{ast begat kindred visions in my soul, so soon as I began to yield to
that unaccountable drowsiness which ever would come over me at 2
midnight heim.

‘But that night, in particutar, a strange (and ever since inexplicable}
thing occurred to me. Starting from a brief standing sleep, Fwas

horribly conscious of something fatally wrong. The jaw-bone tiler

smote my side, which leaned against i: in my ears was the ow hum of
sails, Just beginning to shake in the wind; thought my eyes were.

‘open; twas half conscious of putting my fingers to the fids and
mechanically stretching them stil further apart. But, spite of all

this, }oould see no compass before me to steer by, though it seemed

but a minute since thad been watching the card, by the steady bionacie
lamp illurninating it, Nothing seemed before me but a jet gloom, now and
then made ghastly by flashes of redness, Uppermost was the impression,
that whatever swift, cushing thing [stood on was nat so much bound to
any haven ahead as rushing fiom all havens asiem. A stark, bewildered
feeling, as of death, came over me. Conwuisively my hands grasped the
tier, but with the crazy conceit thal the ter was, somehow, in

some enchanted way, inverted. My God! whats the matter with ma?
thought I. Lot in my brief sleep I had turned myself about, and was.
fronting the ship's stem, with my back to her prow and the compass. In

‘an instant | faced ack, justin time to prevent the vessel from fying

‘up into the wind, and very probably capsizing her. How glad and how
‘grateful the relief from this unnatural hallucination ofthe night, and

the fatal contingency of being brought by the feet

‘Loak nat feo fong in the face ofthe fre, O man! Never dream with thy
‘hand on the helm! Tura not thy back to the compass; accept the first
hint ofthe hitching titer; believe not the artificial re, when its
redness makes ail things look ghastly. To-morrow, in the natural sun,
the skies will be bright; those wha glared ike devils in the forking
