But whatis this on the chest? Hook it up, and held it close ta the
fight, and felt, and smeltit, and tried every way possible to

arrive al some satisfactory conclusion conceming it. }ean compare It

to nothing but a large door mat, omamented at he edges with file
tinkling tags something fike the stained porcupine quils round an

Indian moccasin. There was a hole or sitin the middle of this mat, as
you see the same in South American ponchos. But could ithe possibte
that any sober harpooneer would get info a door mat, and parade the
streets of any Christian town in that sort of guise? Iputiton, to

‘yit, and it weighed me down fike a hamper, being uncommonly shaggy
and thick, and fthought afitie damp, as though this mysterious
‘aspooneer had been wearing it of a rainy day. twent up in itto a bit

of glass stuck against the wal, and never saw such a sight in my

fife. Hore myseifout ofitin such a hurry that tgave myseif'a kink

in the neck.

| sat down on the side of the bed, and commenced thinking about this
‘nead-peddting harpooneer, and his door mat. After thinking some time on
the bed-side, tgot up and took off my monkey jacket, and then siood in
the middle of the room thinking. then took off my coat, and thought a

lite more in my shir sleeves. But beginning to feel very cold now,

half undressed as twas, and remembesing what the tandiord said about
the harpooneer’s not coming home at al that night, it baing so very

late, :made no more ado, but jumped out of my pantaloons and boots,
and then blowing out the light Lumbied into bed, and commended myself
to the care of heaven,

Whether that mattress was stuffed with eorn-cobs or broken erockery,
there is no telling, but rolled about a good deal, and could not

sleep for a long time. Atlast tstid off into a tight doze, and had

pretty nearly made 2 good offing towards the fand of Nod, when theard
a heavy footfall in the passage, and saw a glimmer of ight come into
the room from under the door.

Lord save me, thinks f that must be the harpooneer, the infemal
‘nead-peduler. But Hay perfectly stil, and resolved not ip say a word

1i spoken to. Holding a light in one hand, and that identical New

Zealand head in the other, the stranger entered the room, and without
Joking towards the bed, placed his candle a good way off from me on

{he floor in one comer, and then began working away at the knotted

cords ofthe farge bag !before spoke of as being in the room Fwas

sil eagemess to see his face, but he kept it averted for some time

while employed in unlacing the bag's mouth. This accomplished, however,
‘he turned round—when, good heavens! what a sight! Such a face! It was
ofa dark, purplish, yellow cotour, here and there stuck over with

arge blackish fooking squares. Yes. is just as Hthoughi, he's a

terrible bedfeliow; he’s been in a fight, got dreadtully cut, and here

he is, just for the surgeon. But at that moment he chanced to tum his
face se towards the fight, that I plainly saw they could not be
