that prompts the English railways to be at the expense of a separate
car, specially reserved for the accommodation of royalty. In the first
place, in curious proof of the fact that the above-mentioned law is
stil in force, !proceed to lay before you a circumstance that
happened within the fast two years,

seems that some honest mariners of Dover, or Sandwich, or some one
ofthe Cinque Ports, had after a hard chase succeeded in killing and
Deaching a fine whale which they had originally descried afar off from,

the shore. Now the Cinque Poris are partially or somehow under the
Jurisdiction of a sort of paticeman of beadle, called a Lord Warden
Holding the office directty from the crown, tbetieve, all the royal
emoluments incident to the Cinque Port teritories become by assignment
this. By some writers ths office is called a sinecure. But not so.

‘Because the Lord Warden is busily employed at times in fobbing bis
perquisites; which are Nis chiefly by vidue of that same fobbing of

them.

Now when these poor sun-bumt mariners, bare-footed, and with their
‘rowsers rolled high up on their eely legs, had wearily hauled their
falfish Nigh and dry. promising themselves a good £350 from the
precious oil and bone; and in fantasy sipping rare tea with their
‘wives, and good ale with their cronies, upon the strength oftheir
respective shares: up steps a very leamed and most Christian and
charitable gentleman, with a capy of Blackstone under his arm; and
{aying it upon the whale's head, he eays—"Hands off this fish, my
masters, ie a Fast-Fish. t seize it as the Lard Warden's.” Upan this
the poor mariners in their respectful consternation—so truly
English—knowing not what o say, ffl to vigorously scratching their
‘heads all found; meanwhile suefuity glancing from the whale to the
stranger. Bul that did in nowise mend the matter, or at all soften the
shard heart of the learned gentleman with the copy of Blackstone. At
Jength one of them, after tong scratching about for his ideas, made
Dold to speak,

“Please, sit, who is the Lord Warden?”
“The Duke

“Bul the duke had nothing to do with taking this fish?”

His his”

“We have been at greal trouble, and peril, and some expense, and is all
that to go to the Duke's benefit, we getting nothing at ail for our

pains but our blisters?”

“His his”

“is the Duke so very poor as to be forced to this desperate mode of
