slem to stern, with two separate colours, black above and white below.
‘The white comprises part of his head, and the whole of his mouth, which
‘makes him fook as ifhe had just escaped from a felonious visit to a
meal-bag. A most mean and mealy aspect! His oil is much like that of
the common porpoise.

‘Beyond the DUODECIMO, this system does not proceed, inasmuch as the
Porpoise ie the smallest of the whales. Above, you have all the

Leviathans of note. But there are a rabble of unceriain, fugitive,

‘palt-fabulous whales, which, as an American whaleman, "know by

reputation, but not personally. F shall enumerate them by theit

‘ore-castle appeilations; for possibly such a list may be valuable to

future investigators, who may complete what [have here but begua. I

any ofthe following whales, shail hereafter be caught and marked, then

fhe can readily be incorporated into this System, according to his

Folio, Octave, of Duodecimo magnitude:—The Bottie-Nose Whale; the Junk
Whale; the Pudding Headed Whate; the Cape Whale; the Leading Whale; the
‘Cannon Whale; the Scragg Whale; the Goppered Whale; the Elephant Whale:
the Iceberg Whale; the Quog Whale; the Blue Whale; etc. From Icelandic,
Dutch, and old English authorities, there mightbe quoted other fists
afuncertain whales, blessed with all manner of uncouth names. Butt

‘omit them as attogether obsolete; and can hardly help suspecting them

for mere sounds, ful of Leviathanism, but signifying nothing

Finally: was stated at the outset, that tis system would not be
here, and at once, perfected. You cannot but plainly see that nave
‘kept my word. But {now leave my cetological System standing thus
unfinished, even as the great Cathedral of Cologne was left, with the
‘rane stil standing upon the top of the uncompleted tower. For smatl
erections may be finished by their frst architects; grand ones, true
‘ones, ever jeave the copestone to postetily. God keep me from ever
‘completing anything. This whole book is but a draught—nay, but the
draught of draught. Oh, Time, Strength, Cash, and Patience!

CHAPTER 39. The Specksnyder.

‘Conseming the officers of the whale-craf, this seems as good a place
as any to set down a tittle domestic peculiarity on ehip-board, arising
from the existence of the harpooneer class of officers, a class unknown
of course in any other marine than the whale-feet.

‘Ths targe importance attached to the harpooneer’s vocation is evinced
by the fact, that originally in the ofd Dutch Fishery, two centuries

and more ago, the command ofa whate ship was not wholly lodged in the
person now called the capiain, but was divided between him and an
fficer called the Spacksnyder. Literally this word means Fat-Cutter:
usage, however, in time made it equivalent fo Chief Harpooneer. in
