in that assertion the pirate has no solid basis to stand on.

ut what is a_Gam?_ You might wear out your index-inger running up
‘and down the columne of dictionaries, and never find the word, Dr.
Johnson never attained to that erudition; Noah Webster's ark does not
hold it. Nevertheless, this same expressive word fas now for many years
‘been in constant use among some fiteen thousand tue bom Yankees,
Certainly, itneeds a definition, and should be incorporated inta the
Lexicon. With that view, tet me leamedly define i.

GAM. NOUN—_A sociat meeting of two_(_or more_}_Whateships, generally
‘on a eruising-ground: when, after exchanging hails, they exchange

visits by boats’ crews: the two captains remaining, for the time, on

board of ane ship, and the two chief mates on the other_

‘There is another tite lem about Gamming which must not be forgotten
there. Ail professions have their own Kite peculiarities of detail; so

thas the whale fishery. in a pirate, man-of war, or slave ship, when the
captain is rowed anywhere in his boat, he always sits in the stern

sheets on 2 comfortable, sometimes cushioned seat there, and ofien
sleers himself with a pretty litte miner's filer decorated with

gay cords and ribbons. But the whale-boat has no seat asiem, no sofa
pfthat sort whatever, and no tiller at all. High times indeed,

whaling captains were wheeled about the water on castors ike gouty old
aldermen in patent chairs. And as for a tiller, the whale-boat never
admits of any such effeminacy; and therefore as in gamiming a complete
boat's crew must teave the ship, and hence as the boat sleerer or
‘narpooneer is of the number, that subordinate is the steersman upon the
vecasion, and the captain, having no place to sitin, is pulled off to

his visit all standing tite a pine tree. And often you will notice that

being conscious of the eyes ofthe whole visible wotld resting on him
from the sides of the two ships, this standing captain is aff ative to

the importance of sustaining his dignity by maintaining his tegs. Nor

is this any very easy matter, for in his rear fe the immense projecting
steering oar hitting him now and then in the small ofhis back, the
after-oar reciprocating by rapping his knees in front. He is thus
completely wedged before and behind, and can only expand himself
sideways by setting down on his stretched fegs; but a sudden, vielent
pitch of the boat will often go far to topple him, because fength of
foundation is nothing without comesponding breadth. Merely make a
spread angie of two poles, and you cannot stand them up. Then. again,
itwoutd never do in plain sight of the world’s riveted eyes, would

never do, | say, for this straddling captain to be seen steadying

frimself the slightest particie by catching hold of anything with his,

‘hands; indeed, as token of his entire, buoyant sel-command, he
‘generally carries his hands in his towsers’ pockets; but perhaps being
‘generally very large, heavy hands, he caries them there for ballast
Nevertheless there have oecurred instances, well authenticated ones
top, where the captain has been known for an uncommonly ontical moment
or two, in a sudden squat! say—to seize hold of the nearest oarsman's
