“Why this book of whales is not denominated the Quarto is very plain
ecause, while the whales ofthis order, though smaller than those of
the former order, nevertheless retain a proportionate fieness to them
‘n figure, yet the bookbinder's Quarto volume in its dimensioned form
does not preserve the shape of the Fotio volume, but the Octave volume
oes

BOOK H. (_Octavo_}. CHAPTER |. (_Grampus_}—Though this ish, whose
oud sonorous breathing, or rather blowing, has furnished a proverb to
tandsmen, is so well known a denizen ofthe deen, yatis he nat
populariy classed among whales. But possessing all the grand
distinctive features of the jeviathan, mast naturalists have recognised
him for one. He is of moderate netavo size, varying from fifteen to
twenty-five feet in length, and of comesponding dimensions round the
waist. He swims in herds, he is never segularly hunted, though his of!

is considerable in quantity, and pretty good for ight. By some

fishermen his approach is regarded as premonitory ofthe advance of the
great sperm whale.

BOOK Ht. {_Octavo_), CHAPTER i (_Black Fish_}—t give the popular
fishermen’s names for ail these fish, for generally they are the best

Where any name happens to be vague of inexpressive, [shall say so, and
suggest another. Ido 50 now, touching the Black Fish, so-catled,

because blackness is the rule among almost ail whales. So, call him the
Hyena Whale, iTyou please. His voracity is well known, and from the
circumstance that the inner angles ofhis ips are curved upwards, he

carties an everlasting Mephistopheiean grin on his face. This whale
averages some sixleen or eighteen feet in tength. He is found in almost

ail latitudes. He has a pecutlar way of showing his dorsal hooked fin

{in swimming, which iooks something fike a Roman nose. When not more
profilably employed, the sperm whale hunters sometimes capture the

Hyena whale, to keep up the supply of cheap oi! for domestic
‘smployment_—as some frugal housekeepers, in the absence of company, and
quite alone by themselves, bum unsavory tallow instead of odorous wax
Though thelr blubberis very thin, some of these whales will yield you
upwards of thiry gallons of oil

BOOK ft (_Octavo_}, CHAPTER il (_Narwhate_}, that is, _Nostit
whale_—Another instance of a curiously named whale, so named I suppose
from hia peculiar hom being orginally mistaken for a peaked nose. The
creature is some sixteen feet in length, while tts hor averages five

feet, though some exceed ten, and even attain to fiteen feet. Strictly
‘speaking, this horn is but a tengthened tusk, growing out from fhe jaw

in a tine a litle depressed from the horizontal. But itis only found

‘on the sinister side, which has an il efect, giving its owner

something analogous to the aspect ofa clumsy lef-handed man. What
precise purpose this ivory horn or lance answers, it would be hard to

say. It does not seem to be used lke the blade ofthe swordfish and

billfish: though some sailors teil me that the Narwhale employs it for

 
