wilt have been seen that the Heidetburgh Tun of the Sperm Whale
‘embraces the entire tength of the entire top af the head; and since—as
has been elsewhere set forth—the head embraces one third ofthe whale
Jength ofthe creature, then setting that length down at eighty feet,

fora good sized whale, you have more than twenty-six feet for the

depth of the tun, when itis Jenathwise hoisted up and down against a
ship's side.

Asin decapitating the whale, the operator's instrumentis brought
‘close to the spot where an entrance is subsequently forced into the
spermaceti magazine: he has, therefore, to be uncommonly heedhul, test
a careless, untimely stroke should invade the sanctuary and wastingly
let outits invaluable contents, fis this decapitated end of he

‘head, aiso, which is at last elevated out of the water, and retained in
‘that position by the enormous cutting tackles, whose hempen
combinations, on one side, make quite a wildemess of ropes i that
quarter

‘Thus much being said, attend now, I pray you, to that marvellous and—in
this particular instance—aimost fatal operation whereby the Sperm
Whale's great Heidefburgh Tun is tapped.

CHAPTER 78. Cistern and Buckets,

Nimble as a cal, Tashtego mounts aloft; and without altering his erect,
posture, runs straight out upon the overhanging mainyard-amm, to the

past where it exactly projecis over the hoisted Tun. He has carried

with fim a light tackle called a whip, consisting of onty two parts,

travelling through a single-sheaved biock. Securing this block, so that
thangs down from the yard-arm, he ewings one end ofthe rape, il it

is caught and firmly held by s hand on deck. Then, hand-over-hand, down
the other part, the Indian drops through the air, til dexterously he

tands on the summit ofthe head, There—stil high elevated above the
rest ofthe company, to whom he vivaciously cries—he seems some Turkish
Muezzin caling the good people to prayers from the top ofa tower. A
shorthandied sharp spade being sent up to him, he diligently searches,
{or the proper place to begin breaking into the Tun. In this business

he proceeds very heedtfully, ike a treasure-tunter in some ald house,
sounding the walls fo find where the gold is masoned in. By the time.

this cautious search is over, a stout Iron-bound bucket, precisely tke

2 well-bucket, has been attached fo one end of the whip; while the

other end, being stretched across the deck, Is there held by two oF

three alert hands, These {ast now hoist the bucket within grasp ofthe
Indian, to whom another pesson has seached up a very tong pole.
Inserting this pote into the bucket, Tashtega downward guides the

bucket into the Tun, tit it entirely disappears; then giving the word

to the seamen al the whip, up comes the bucket again, all bubbling fke

‘a dairy-maid's pail of new milk, Carefully lowered from its height, the
