tafiral, eyed the homeward-bound ora he took from his pocket a
‘small vial of sand, and then {ooking from the ship to the vial, seemed
thereby bringing two remote associations together, for that vial was.
filed with Nantucket soundings.

CHAPTER 176, The Dying Whale,

Not seldom in this fife, when, on the right side, fortune’s favourites
sail close by us, we, though all adroop before, catch somewhat of the
rushing breeze, and joyfully feel our bagging sale fil out. So seemed
‘with the Pequod. For nextday after encountering the gay Bachelor,
whales were seen and four were slain; and one of them by Ahab.

twas far down the afternoon; and when all the spearings of the
crimson fight were done: and Roating in the lovely sunset sea and sty,
sun and whate both stily died togetier, then, such a sweetness and
such plaintiveness, such inwreathing orisons curled up in that rosy
air, that it aimost seemed as far over from the deep green convent
valleys of the Mania isles, the Spanish tand-breeze, wantonly turned
sailor, had gone to sea, reighted with these vesper hymns,

Soothed again, but only soothed to deeper gloom, Ahab, who had stemed
offfram the whate, sal intently watching his final wanings from the

now tranquil boat. Fos that strange speciacte observable in all sperm
whales dying—the fuming sunwards ofthe head, and so expiring—that
strange speciacie, beheld of such a placid evening, somehow to Arab
conveyed a wondrousness unknown before

“He turns and tums him to it how slowly, but how steadfastly, his
‘homage-rendering and invating brow, with bis tast dying motians. He too
worships fre; most faithful, broad, heronial vassal of the sun'—Oh

that these too-favouring eyes should see these too-favouring sights.
Look! ere, far water-locked: beyond aif hum of human weal or woe: in
‘these most candid and impartia! seas; where to traditions no rocks
fumish tablets; where for long Chinese ages, the bilows have stil

solled on speechtess and unspoken to, as stars that shine upon the
Niger's unknown source; here, too, life dies sunwards full of faith

‘but seet no sooner dead, than death whirls round the corpse, and it
‘beads same other way.

*Oh, thou dark Hindoo haif of nature, who of drowned bones hast builded
thy separate thrane somewhere in the heart of these unverdured seas,
thou art an infidel, thou queen, and oo tly speakest fo me in the

wide -sisughtering Typhoon, and the hushed burial ofits after calm. Nor
‘has this thy whale sunwards tumed his dying head, and then gone round
again, without a esson to me.

On, trebly hooped and welded hip of powest Oh, high aspizing,
rainbowed jet!—that one stivest, this one jettest all in vaint in
