But, they were all eagerness again, as Ahab, now haifrevoiving in his,
ivothole, with one hand reaching high up a shroud, and tightly
almost convulsively grasping it, addressed them thus:—

“All ye mast headers have before now heard me give orders about a white
whale. Look yer d'ye see this Spanish ounce of gotd?"hoiding up a
‘broad bright coin to the sun—‘ilis a sixteen dollar pieoe, man. D'ye

see if? Mr. Starbuck, hand me yon top-maut”

While the mate was getting the hammer, Ahab, without speaking, was
slowly rubbing the gold piece against the stirs of his jacket, a8 if

to heighten its ustse, and without using any words was meanwhile fowly
zumming to himself, producing a sound so strangely mufled and
inarticulate that it seemed the mechanical humming ofthe wheels of his,
vitality in hie

Receiving the top-maul from Starbuck, he advanced towards the maln-rmast
with the hammer uptified in one hand, exhibiting the gold with the

ther, and with a high raised voice exclaiming: “Whosoever of ye raises

‘me a white-headed whale with a wrinkled brow and a crooked jaw:
whosoever of ye raises me that white-headed whale, with three holes
punctured in his starboard Ruke—took ye, whosoever of ye raises me

that same white whale, he shail have this gold ounce, my boys"

“Huzzal huzzat” cried the seamen, as with swinging tarpaulins they
halted the act of nailing the gotd to the mast

“W's a white whale, say,” resumed Ahab, as he threw down the
topmaui: “a white whale. Skin your eyes for him, men; ook sharp for
white water, 'ye see buta bubble, sing out”

All this while Tashtego, Daggoo, and Queequeg had looked on with even
‘more intense interest and surprise than the fest, and al the mention of
the wrinkled brow and crooked jaw they had started as ifeach was
sepatately touched by some specific recofiection

“Captain Ahab,” said Tashlego, “that white whale must be the same that
some cafl Moby Dick.”

“Moby Dick?* shouted Ahab. “Do ye know the white whate then, Tash?”

“Does he far-tall a tittle curious, sir, before he goes down?” said the
Gay-Header detiberaiely,

“And has he a curious spout, too,” said Daggoo, “very bushy, even fora
parmacetty, and mighty quick, Captain Ahab?”

“And he have one, two, thtee—oh! good many iron in him hide, too,
Captain” cried Queequeg disjaintedly, “al tviske-tee be-twisk,fike
‘nimi faltering hatd for a word, and screwing his hand round and
