are in luxuriant profusion stamped: so that the precious gold seems
almost to devive an added preciousness and enhancing glories. by
passing through those fancy mints, so Spanishty poetic.

Ito chanced that the doubloon of the Pequod was a most wealthy
‘example of these things. On its round border it bore the letters,

REPUBLICA DEL ECUADOR: QUITO. So this bright eoin came from a country
planted in the middie ofthe world, and beneath the great equator, and

named after it, and ithad been cast midway up the Andes, in the

‘unwaning clime that knows no autumn, Zoned by those tetters you saw the
fikeness of tree Andes’ summits; fram one a flame; a tower on another:

on the third a crowing cock: while arching over all was a segment of

the partitioned zodiac, the signs ail marked with their usual

cabaiistics, and the keystone sun entering the equinoctial point at

Libra,

Before this equatorial coin, Ahab, not unobserved by others, was now
pausing.

“There's something ever egotistical in mountain-tops and towers, and
ail ather grand and tofly things: {ook here,—tiwee peaks as proud as
Lucifer. The firm tower, that is Ahab; the volcano, that is Ahab: the
courageous, the undaunted, and victorious fowl, that, oo, is Ahab; all
‘are Ahab; and this round gold is but the image of the rounder globe,
which, tike a magician’s glass, to each and every man io turn but
‘mirrors back his own mysterious self. Great pains, stati gains for
those who ask the world fo solve themr, it cannot solve itself. Methinks
now this coined sun wears a ruddy face; but seet aye, he enters the
sign of storms, the equinox! and but six months before he wheeled out
‘ofa former equinox at Aries! From storm to storm! So be it, then. Bora
in throes, ‘tis Bt that man should tive in pains and die in pangs! So

be it then! Here's stout stuff for woe fo work on. So be i, then”

No fairy fingers can have pressed the gold, but devil's claws must
have feft their mouldings there since yesterday,” murmured Starbuck to
‘himself, fearing against the bulwarks. “The old man seems to read
Betshazzar's awful wilting, [nave never marked the coin inspectingly.
He goes below; let me read. A dark valley between three mighty,
heaven-abiding peaks, that almost seem the Trinity, in some faint
earthly symbol. So in this vale of Death, God girds us round: and over
ail our gloom, the sun of Righteousness stil shines a beacon and a
hope. Hwe bend down our eyes, the dark vale shows her mouldy soil
but ifwe At hem, the bright sun meets our glance halfway, to

‘cheer. Yet, oh, the great sun is no fixture; and if, at midnight, we

would fain snatch some sweet solace from him, we gaze for him in vaint
‘This coin speaks wisely, mildly, truly, but sbil sadly to me. wil

quit, fest Truth shake me falsely”

“There now's the old Mogul” soliioquized Stubb by the try-works, “he's
‘been twigging it; and there goes Starbuck from the same, and both with
