shark seems all but miraculous. How at such an apparently unassailable
surface, they contrive to gouge out such symmettical mouthfuls, remains.
a part ofthe universal problem of all things. The mark they thus leave

on the whale, may hest be likened ta the hollow made by a carpenter in
countersinking for a screw.

‘Though amid afl the seioking horror and diabotism ofa sea-fight, sharks
will be seen Jongingly gazing up to the ship's decks, fke hungry dogs
round a table where ed meat is being carved, ready to bolt down every
‘killed man that is tossed to them; and though, while the valiant
butchers over the deck-table are thus cannibally carving each other's
sive meat with carving-knives ail oflded and tasselled, the sharks,

‘alco, with their jawel-hilted mouths, are quarrelsomely carving away
‘under the table at the dead meat; and though, were you to turn the
whale affair upside down, it would stil be pretty much the same thing,
thatis to say, a shocking sharkish business enough for ail parties;

‘and though sharks also are the invariable outiders of all slave ships
‘crossing the Atlantic, systematically rotting alongside, to be handy

in case a parcel is to he carried anywhere, of a dead slave to be
decently buried: and though ane of two other like instances might be
set down, touching the set terms, places, and occasions, when sharks do
‘most socially congregate, and most hilariously feast, yet is there no
conceivable fime or occasion when you will find them in such countess
numbers, and in gayer or more jovial spirits, than around a dead sperm.
whale, moored by night fo a whaleship at sea. Ifyou have never seen
that sight, then suspend your decision about the propriety of
devil-warship, and the expediency of concifiating the devi

But, as yet, Stubb heeded not the mumbtings of the banquet that was
‘going on so nigh him,no more than the sharks heeded the smacking of
‘is own epicurean fips.

"Cook, cook!_where's that old Fleece?” he cried at length, widening his
{egs sii further, as ifto form 2 more secure base for his supper:

and, at the same time dasting his fork into the dieh, as if stabbing

‘with his lance: “cook, you cook! sail this way, cook”

‘The old black, not in any very high glee at having been previously
roused from his warm hammock at a most unseasanable hour, came
shambting along from his galley, for, tike many old blacks, there was
something the matter with his knee-pans, which he did not keep well
scoured like his other pans; this old Fleece, as they called him, came
huffing and timping slong, assisting his step with his tongs, wich,

after a clumsy fashion, were made of straightened iron hoaps: this old
Ebony floundered atong, and in obedience to the word of command, came
to a dead stop on the opposite side of Stubb's sideboard; when, with

bottt hands folded before him, and resting on his two-legged cane, he
‘bowed his arched hack stil further over, a the same time sideways.
inolining hie head, so as to bring his best ear into play.
