eee
“And shall then pay over the same with piteh, sir?” moving his hand
as with a piteh-pot

“Away! what possesses thee to this? Make a iife-buay of the coffin, and
‘ne more.—Mr. Stubb, Mr. Flask, come forward with me.”

“He goes offin a hufl. The whole he can endure; at the paris he
bautks. Now I don't ike this. Lmake a teg for Captain Ahab, and he
wears ittike a gentleman; but I make a bandbox for Queequea, and he
won't put his head into it Are aif my pains to go for nothing with

that coffin? And now Fim ofdered to make a fife-buoy oft. I's tke
fuming an old coat; going ta bring the flesh on the other side now. |
don'tlike this cobbiing sort of business—t don't tke it at alt; i's
undignified: its not my place. Let tinkess’ brats do tinkerings; we

are their betters. Hike fo take in hand none but clean, virgin,
faie-and-square mathematical jabs, something that regularly begins at
the beginning, and is at the middle when midway, and comes to an end at
the conctusion; nat a cobbier's job, that's at an end in the midate,

and at the beginning at the ond. i's the old woman's tricks to be

giving cabbling jobs. Lord! what an affection ail old women have for
tinkers. I know an old woman of sixly-five who ran away with a
bald-headed young tinker once. And thats the reason Inever would work
{or lonely widow old women ashore, when I kept my job-shop in the
Vineyard; they might have taken itinto their lonely ald heads to run
offwith me. But heigh-ho! there are no caps at sea but snow-caps. Lat
‘me see, Nall down the lid; caulk the seams; pay over the same with
pitch; batten them down tight, and hang it with the snap-spring over

the ship's stem. Were ever such things done before with a coffin? Some
superstitious old carpenters, now, would be tied up in the raging, ere
they would do the job. But I'm made of knatty Aroostook hemlock:
don't budge. Cruppered with a ooffin! Sailing about with a grave-yard
tray! But never mind. We workers in woods make bridal-bedsteads and
‘eard-tables, as well as coffins and hearses, We work by the month, or

by the job, or by the prof; not for us to ask the why and wherefore
‘ofour work, unless itbe foo confounded cobbling, and then we slash it
Ifwe can. Hem Fi! do the job, now, tenderty. 1! have me—tet's
‘see—how many in the ship's company, ail told? But I've forgotten. Any.
way, Hil have me thinly separate, Turk’s-headed tie-tines, each three
feet long hanging ail round to the coffin. Then, ifthe hull ge down,
there'll be thity tively fellows all fighting for ane caffin, a sight

not seen very often beneath the sun! Come harimer, eaulking-iron,
pilch-pot, and marting-spike! Let's to it”

CHAPTER 127. The Beck.

_The coffin taid upon two fine-tubs, between the vios-bench and the
