was small, and there, boltupright, sat old Bildad, who always sat so,
and never feaned, and this fo save his coat tals. His broad-brim was
placed beside him his lege were stifly crossed; his drab vesture was
buttoned up to his chin; and speciactes on nose, he seemed absorbed in
reading from a ponderous volume,

“Bildad,* cried Captain Peleg, “att again, Bildad, eh? Ye have been
studying those Scriptures, now, for the fast thity years, to my
certain knowledge. How far ye got, Bildad?”

As iftong habituated to such profane talk front Nis old shipmate,
Bildad, without noticing his present ireverence, quietly looked up,
and seeing me, glanced again inquiringly towards Peleg,

"He says he's our man, Bildad,” said Peleg, “he wants to ship.”
Dost thee?” said Bildad, in a hollow tone, and tuming round to me.
“_dost_” said t unconsciously, he was so intense a Quaker.
“What do ye think of him, Bildad?” said Peleg.

“He'll do,” said Bildad, eyeing me, and then went on spetting away at
‘his book in a mumbting tone quite audibie.

Hhought him the queerest old Quaker fever saw, especially as Peleg,
his fiend and old shipmate, seemed such a blusierer. But said

nothing, only looking round me sharply. Peleg now threw open a chest,
‘and drawing forth the ship's articles, placed pen and ink hefore him,

and seated himself at a litte table, began to think itwas high time

to settle with myself at what terms t would be willing to engage for

the voyage. twas already aware that in the whaling business they paid
no wages; but ail hands, ineluding the captain, received certain shares
ofthe profits called _tays_, and that these lays were proportioned to

the degree of importance pertaining to the respective duties of the

ship's company. }was also aware that being a green hand at whaling, my
‘own lay would not be very large; bal considering that fwas used to the
sea, could steer a ship, splice a rope, and all that, I made no doubt

thal from all {had heard I should be offered at least the 275th

tay_thal ie, the 275th part of the clear net proceeds of the voyage,
whatever that might eventually amount to. And though the 275th lay was.
what they call a rather _tong fay_, yetit was better than nothing, and

ifwe had a fucky voyage, might pretty nearly pay for the clothing |

would wear out on it, nol fo speak of my three years’ beet and board,

for which Hwould not have to pay one stiver.

enight be thought that this was 2 poor way ta accumulate a princely
fortune—and so it was, a very poor way indeed. But am one ofthose
that never take on about princely fortunes, and am quite content ifthe
world is ready to board and lodge me, while !am putting up at this,
