‘The more [consider this mighty tail, the more do Idepiore my
‘inability to express it. Al imes there are gestures in it, which,

though they would well grace the hand of man, remain wholly

inexplicable. in an exiensive herd, so remarkable, occasionally, are

these mystic gestures, that I have heard hunters who have deciared them
‘akin to Free-Mason signs and symbols; that the whale, indeed, by these
‘methods intelligently conversed with the world. Nor are there wanting

other motions ofthe whale in his general body, full of strangeness,

and unaccountable to hie most experienced assailant. Dissect him how |
‘may, then, tbut go skin deep; !know hint not, and never will, But if

know not even the tail ofthis whale, how understand his head? much

‘more, how comprehend his face, when face he has none? Thou shail see my
back parts, my tai he seems to say, but my face shell not be seen,

But [cannot completely make out his back parts, and hint what he wit

about his face, I say again he fas no face,

(CHAPTER 87. The Grand Armada,

‘The tong and narrow peninsula of Malacca, extending south-eastward from
the tenitories of Birmah, forms the most southerly point ofall Asia,

Ina continuous tine from that peninsula stretch the tong islands of

Sumatra, Java, Bally, and Timor, which, with many others, form a vast
mole, oF rampart, lengthwise connecting Asia with Australia, and

ividing the tong unbroken Indian ooean from the thickly studded

aviental archipelagoes. This rampart is pierced by several sally-ports

{or the convenience of ships and whales; conspicuous among which are
the straits of Sunda and Malacca. By the straits of Sunda. chiefly

vessels bound to China from the west, emerge into the China seas.

‘Those narrow straits of Sunda divide Sumatra from Java; and standing
‘midway in that vast rampart of islands, buttressed by thal bold green
promontory, known to seamen as Java Head; they nota file correspond

to the central gateway opening into some vast walled empire: and
considering the Inexhaustibie wealth of spices, and silks, and jewels,

and gold, and ivory, with which the thousand islands of that oriental

sea are enriched, itseems a significant provision of nature, that such
treasures, by the very formation ofthe land, should at feast bear the
appearance, however ineffectual, of being guarded ftom the all-grasping
western world, The shores of the Straits of Sunda are unsupptied with
those domineering forkesses which guard the entrances to the
Mediterranean, the Baltic, and the Propontis. Uniike the Danes, these
Orientals do not demand the obsequious homage of lowered top-sails from.
the endless procession of ships before the wind, whieh for centuries

past, by night and by day, have passed between the Islands of Sumatra
‘and Java, freighted with the costiest cargoes of the east. Aut while

they freely waive a ceremonial fke this, they do by no means renounce
their claim to more solid tribute,
