whether they were ready fori yet in that direction

‘Overhearing the indignant but halt-humorous eries with which the people
on deck began to drive the coffin away, Queequeg, to every one's.
constesnation, commanded that the thing should be instantly brought to
‘him, not was there any denying him: seeing that, of al mortals, some
dying men are the most tyrannical; and certainly, since they will

shortly troubie us so fitte for evermore, the poor fellows ought to be
indulged

‘Leaning over in his hammock, Queequeg tong segarded the coffin with an
attentive eye. He then called for his harpoon. had the wooden stock
‘drawn from it, and then had the tron part placed in the coffin atong

with one ofthe paddies of his boat. All by his own request, also,

biscuits were then ranged round the sides within: a Rask of fresh

water was placed at the head, and a small bag ofwoody earth scraped up
in the hold at the foot, and a piece of sail-cloth being rolled up for

a pitiow, Queequeg now entreated to be fied into his final bed, that

‘he might make trial ofits comforts, any ithad. He lay without

moving a few minutes, then told one to go ta his bag and bring out his
Site god, Yojo. Then crossing his arms on his breast with Yojo

between, he called for the coffin tid (hatch he called it}o be placed

over him The head part tumed over with a feather hinge, and there fay
‘Queequed in his cofin with file but his composed countenance in

view. “Rarmai” (itil do; itis easy}, he murmured at fast, and

signed to be replaced in his hammock.

Butere this was done, Pip, who had been siily hovering near by all
this while, drew nigh to him where he lay, and with sof sabbings, took
‘him by the hand; in the other, holding his tambourine

“Poor rover! wil ye never have done with ail this weary roving? where
go ye now? Butifthe currents earry ye to those sweet Antilles where
the beaches are only beat with waler-ities, will ye do one title

‘errand for me? Seek out one Pip, who's now been missing tong: tink
he's in those far Antilles. iTye find him, then comfort hin; for he

must be very sad: for took! he’s feft his tambourine behind:— found

it Rig-2-dig, dig, digt Now, Queequeg, die; and I'l beat ye your

dying march”

“thave heard,’ murmured Starbuck, gazing down the scuttle, “that in
violent fevers, men, al ignorance, Have talked in ancient tongues: and
thatwhen the mystery is probed, it turns out always that in their

wholly forgotten childhood thase ancient tongues had been really spoken
in their hearing by some lofty scholars. So, to my fond faith, poor

Pip, in this strange sweetness of his tunacy, brings heavenly vouchers
ofall our heavenly homes. Where learned he that, bul there? Hark! he
speaks again: but more wildly now.”

“Form two and twat Let's make a General of him! Ho, where's his,
