‘weil fal to kicking the pyramid again. But I had onty just ited my
{oot for it, when he roared out, ‘Stop that kicking ‘Hailoa.’ says |

‘what's the matter now, old fellow?" ‘Look ye here,’ says he: let's

argue the insult. Captain Ahab kicked ye, didn'the?" Yes, he did,

says |right _here_itwas." ‘Very good,’ says he—he used his ivory

Jeg, didn'the? ‘Yes, he did,’ says I. ‘Well then,’ says he, wise

Stub, what have you to complain of? idn’the kick with ight good

wil? itwasn't a common pitch pine Jeg he kicked with, was if? No, you
were kicked by a great man, and with a beautiful Ivory feq, Stub. t's

‘an honor; loonsider itan honor. Listen, wise Stubb. in old England

{he greatest fords think It great glory to be stapped by a queen, and

made garier-knights of, but, be _your_boast, Stub, that ye were

kicked by old Ahab, and made 3 wise man of Remember what | say;_be_
kicked by him; account hie kicks honors; and on no account kick back;

for you can't heip yourself, wise Stubb. Dor'tyou see that pyramid?

With that, he aif ofa sudden seemed somehow, in some queer fashion, to
swim ofTinto the air, | snored: rolled over, and there Lwas in my

‘amock! Now, what do you think of that dream, Flask?”

“Idon't know; itseems a sort of foolish to me, tho.

“May be; may be. Butit's made a wise man of me, Flask. D'ye see Ahab:
standing there, sideways looking over the stern? Weil, the best thing
‘you can do, Flask, is to fet the old man atone; never speak to him,
whatever he says. Halloal What's thatfe shouts? HarkT

“Masthead, there! Look sharp, all of ye! There are whates hereaboutst
“tye see a white one, spit youriungs for himt

“What do you think of that now, Flask? ain'tthere a smal drop of
something queer about that, eh? A white whate—did ye mark that, man?
Look ye—there's something special in the wind. Stand by fart, Flask,
Antab has that that's bloody on his ming. But, mum; he comes this way”

‘CHAPTER 22, Cetoiogy.

Atready we are boidly launched upon the deep; but soon we shail be Jost
in its unshored, harbourless immensities. Ere that come to pass: ere

the Pequod’s weedy hull rolls side by side with the barnacied hulls of
the leviathan; at the outset itis but weil to attend to a matier

almost indispensable to a thorough appreciative undessianding of the
‘more special leviathanic revelations and allusions of al sorts which

are to follow.

itis some systematized exhibition of the whale in his broad genera,
that t would now fain put before you. Yetis ito easy task The
Slassification of the constituents of a chaos, nothing less is here
‘essayed. Listen fo what the best and fatest authorifies have taid down,
