{ike an ape. The shavings flew right and teft til at tast the
plane-iron came bump against an indestructible knot, The fandiord was
‘near spraining his wrist, and [told him for heaven's sake to quit—the
bed was soft enough to suit me, and Idid not know how ail the planing
in the world could make eider down ofa pine plank. So gathering up the
shavings with another grin, and throwing them into the great stove in
the middle ofthe room, he went about his business, and left me in a
‘brown study.

| now took the measure ofthe bench, and found that twas a feat too
short, but that could be mended with a chair. Butit was a foot too
narrow, and the other bench in the room was about faur inches higher
than the planed one—so there was no yoking them. then placed the
first beneh lengthwise along the only lear space against the wal,
Jeaving a itte intesval between, for my back to settle down in. But E
soon found tha there came such a draught of cold air over me from
‘under the sil of the window, that this plan would never do at al
‘especially as another current from the rickety door met the one from
the window, and both together formed a series of small whirtwinds in
the immediate vicinity of the spot where Fhad thought to spend the
aight

‘The devil fetch that harpooneer, thought |, but stop, coulde't steal
a march on hire—bolt his door inside, and jump inio his bed, not to be
wakened by the most violent knockings? it seemed no bad idea; but upon
second thoughts fdismissed it. For who could telf but what the next
‘mroming, so soon as | popped out of the room, the harpooneer might be
standing in the entry, af ready to knock me down!

Stil, jooking round me again, and seeing no possible chance of
spending a sufferable night unless in some other person's bed, Fbegan
to think that after all [might be cherishing unwarrantable prejudices
against this unknown harpooneer. Thinks | fil wait awhile; he must bs
‘dropping in before tong. MH have a good took at him then, and perhaps
we may become jolly good bedfellows after all—there's no telling

‘But though the other boarders kept coming in by ones, twos, and threes,
and going to bed, yet no sign of my harpooneer.

“Landiordt” said |, ‘what sort of chap is he—does he always keep such
tale hours? itwas now hard upon twelve o'clock.

‘The landlord chuckled again with his lean chuckle, and seemed to be
‘mightily tickled at something beyond my comprehension.“No," he
answered, "generally he's an early birdaitley to bed and airley to
Fise—yes, he's the bird what catches the worm. But to-night he went out
a peddling, you see, and | don't see what on alrth keeps him so late,
unless, may be, he can'teell his head”

“Can't sail his head?—_What sort of a bamboozinaly story is this you are
