so much as dare? Is Ahab, Ahab? Is it, God, or who, that ffs this
arm? But ifthe great sun move not of himself; butis as an errand-boy

in heaven; nor one single star can revaive, but by some invisibie

power, how then can this one small heart beat: this one small brain

think thoughts; unless Ged does that beating, does that thinking, does

that iving, and not By heaven, man, we are tumed round and found

in this world, Tike yonder windlass, and Fate is the handspike. And all

the time, fof that smiling sky, and this unsounded sea! Look! see yon
Albioore! who putt into him to chase and fang that flying-fish? Where

do murderers go, manf Who's to doom, when the judge himseifis dragged
to the bar? Butitis a mild, mild wind, and a raild looking sky, and

the air smells now, as ifit blew from a far-away meadow, they have

‘been making hay somewhere under the slopes of the Andes, Starbuck, and
the mowers are sleeping among the new-mown hay. Sleeping? Aye, toil we
how me may, we ail sleep at ast on the field. Sleep? Aye, and rust

amid greenness; as last year's scythes flung down, and left in the

fpaif-cut swaths Starbuck?”

But blanched to a comee's hue with despair, the Mate had stolen away.

Ahab crossed the deck to gaze over on the other side; but started at
{wo reflected, fixed eyes in the water there. Fedaiiah was motioniessly
feaning over the same rai

‘CHAPTER 483. The Chase—First Day.

‘That night, in the mid-watch, when the old man—as his wont at
intervals—stepped forth from the scuttle in which ne feaned, and went
to his pivothole, he suddenty thrust out his face Rercely, snufing

up the sea air asa sagacious ship's dog will, in drawing nigh to same
barbarous isle. He declared that a whale must be near, Scan that
peculiar odor, sometimes to a great distance given forth by the tlving
sperm whale, was palpable to all the watch; nor was any mariner
surprised when, after inspecting the compass, and then the dog-vane,
and then ascertaining the precise bearing of the odor as neatly as,
possible, Ahab rapidly ordered the ship's course to be slightly

altered, and the sail to be shortened,

‘The acute policy dictating these movements was sufficiently vindicated
at daybreak, by the sight ofa tong sleek on the sea directly and
Jengthwise ahead, smooth as oil, and resembling in the pleated watery
wrinkles bordering it, the polished metalticike marks of some swift
fide-rip, atthe mouth ofa deep, rapid stream.

“Man the mastheads! Call all hands!”
‘Thundering with the butts ofthree lubed handspikes on the forecaatle

deck, Daggos roused the sleeners with such judgment claps that they
seemed to exhale from the scuttle, so instantaneously did they appear
