watery glens and hottows; the keen spurrings and goadings to gain the
top of the opposite hit; he headiong, sled-tke slide down its other
side;—all these, with the cries ofthe headsmen and harpooneers, and
the shuddering gasps of the oarsmen, with the wondrous sight ofthe
‘ivory Pequod bearing down upon her boats with outstretched sails, ke
a wild hen after her screaming brood;—all thie was thrling

Not the raw recruit, marching from the bosom of his wife into the fever
‘eat of his frst hatiie; not the dead man's ghost encountering the

first unknown phantom in the other world:—neither of these can feet
stranger and stronger emotions than that man does, who for te first
time finds himself putting into the charmed, chumed circle of the
‘hunted sperm whale.

‘The dancing white water made by the chase was now becoming mare and
‘more visible, owing to the increasing darkness of the dun cloud-shadows
ung upon the sea. The jets of vapor no longer blended, but tited
everywhere to Tight and left: the whales seemed separating thelr wakes.
‘The boais were pulled more apart Starbuck giving chase to three whales
sunning dead to jeeward. Cur sail was now sel, and, with the sti

rising wind, we rushed along; the boat going with such madness through
the water, that the tee oats could scarcely be worked rapidly enough to
‘escape being torn from the row-locks.

Soon we were sunning through a sufusing wide veil of mist neither
ship nor boat to be seen,

“Give way, men,” whispered Starbuck, drawing stil further aft the
sheet ofhis sail. “there is time to kill a ish yet before the equall
comes. There's white water again!—close tof Springt”

‘Soon afer, two cries in quick succession on each side of us denoted
that the other boats had got fast; but hardly were they overheard, when
with a lightning ike hurting whisper Starbuck said: “Stand up! and
‘Queequeg, harpoon in hand, sprang to his feet

‘Trough not one of the oarsmen was then facing the fife and death peri!
80 close to tham ahead, yet with heir eyes on the intense countenance
ofthe mate in the stesn af the boat, they knew that the imrainent

instant had come; they heard, too, an enormous wallowing sound as of
fifty elephants stiving in their fitter. Meanwhile the boat was stil
‘booming through the mist, the waves curling and hissing around us tke
the erected crests of enraged serpents.

“That's his hump. There_,_there_ give it to him? whispered
Starbuck.

A short rushing sound leaped out of the boat: it was the darted iron of
‘Queequeg. Then ail in one welded commotion came an invisible push from
astern, while forward the boat seemed striking on a ledge: the sail
