vain, oh whale, dost thou seek intercedings with yon all-quickening
sun, that only calls forth fife, but gives it not again. Yet dost thou,

darker half, cock me with a prouder, fa darker faith. All thy

unnamabie iomninglings float beneath me here: | arm buayed by breaths of
‘once living things, exhaled as air, but water now.

“Then hail, for ever hail, O sea, in whose etemal tossings the wild
‘ow! finds his only rest. Born of earth, yet suckled by the sea; though
hill and vatley mothered me, ye billows are my foster-brothers!”

CHAPTER 147. The Whale Watch,

‘The four whales siain that evening had died wide apart; one, far to
windward: one, Jess distant, to leeward; one ahead: one asiem, These
fast three were brought alongside ere nightfal, bul the windward one
could not be seached fil moming; and the boat that had kiled Ittay

by ts side afl night; and that boat was Anab’s.

‘The waif pole was thrust upright into the dead whale's spout-hole; and
the fantom hanging fonts top, cast a koubled fickering gisre upon
the black, glossy back, and far out upon the midnight waves, which
‘gently chafed the whale's broad flank, fike soft surfupon a beach,

Ahab and ail his boat's crew seemed asleep bit the Parsee; who.
‘srouching in the bow, sat watohing the sharks, that spectrally played
round the whale, and tapped the light cedar planks with theit tails. A
‘sound fike the moaning in squadrons over Asphattites of unforgiven
ghosts of Gomorrah, ran shuddering through the air.

Started front his slumbers, Ahab, face te face, saw the Parsee; and
hooped round by the gloom of the night they seemed the last men in a
flooded world, “have dreamed it again” said he.

*Of the hearses? Have [not said, old man, thatneither hearse nor
coffin can be thine?”

“And wha are hearsed that die on the sea?”

“But | said old man, that ere thou couldst die on this voyage, two
hearses must verily be seen by thee on the sea: the first not made by
‘mortal hands; and the visible wood of he last one must be grown in
America”

“Aye, ayet a strange sight that, Parsee:—a hearse and its plumes.
ftoating over the ooean with the waves for the pall-bearers, Hal Such
sight we shail not soon see”

“Believe itor not, thou canst not die ti itbe seen, old man”
