ofthem have any bul the most vague ideas concerning iis tue nature
and form; notwithstanding, they believe itto furnish to the sperm

‘whale his only food. For though other spacies of whales find their food
above water, and may be seen by man in the act of feeding, the
spermaceti whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones below the
surface; and only by inference is it that any one can tell of what,
precisely, that food consists. Attimes, when closely pursued, he will
disgorge what are supposed to be the detached arms of the squid some
ofthem thus exhibited exceeding twenty and thitty feet in tength. They
fancy that the monster to which these arms belonged ordinarily clings
‘by them to the bed of the ocean; and that the sperm whale, unlike other
species, is supplied with teeth in order to attack and tear it

‘There seems some ground to imagine that the great Kraken of Bishop
Pontoppodan may ultimately resolve itseifinto Squid. The manner in
which the Bishop describes it, as alternately rising and sinking, with
some other particulars he narrates, in allthis the two correspond. But
much abatement is necessary with respect to the incredible bulk he
assigns it.

By some naturalisis who have vaguely heard sumors of the mysterious
creature, here spoken of, itis included among the class of

clle-fish, to which, indeed, in certain external respects it would
seem ta belong, but only as the Anak of the tbe.

CHAPTER 60. The Line.

\With reference to the whaling scene shortly to be described, as well as
{or the better understanding of all similar sosnes elsewhere presented,
have here to speak ofthe magical, sometimes hiorible whale-tine.

‘The line originally used in the fishery was of the best hemp, slightly
vapored with tar, not impregnated with it, as in the case of ordinary
ropes: for white tar, as ordinarily used, makes the hemp more pilable
to the rope-maker, and also renders the rope itself more convenient to
tie sailor for common ship use: yet. not only would the ordinary
‘quantity too much stifien the whale-tine for the close colfing to which
itmust be subjected; hut as most seamen are heginning to team, tarin
‘general by no means adds to the rope's durability or strength, however
much it may give it compactness and gloss.

Ofiate years the Maniiia rope has in the American fishery almost
entirely superseded hemp as a material for whale-tines; for, though not
80 durable as hemp. itis stronger, and far more soft and efastic, and

| will add (singe there is an aesthetics in all things}, is much more
handsome and becoming to the boat, than hemp. Hemp is a dusky, dark.
fellow, a sort of indian; but Manilla is as a golden-haired Circassian

to behold,
