the Sea, and wound the Whales when they fight upon ‘em. They keep a
‘Whale’s Rib of an incredible Jength for a Miracle, which fying upon the
‘Ground with its convex part uppermost, makes an Arch, the Head of which
cannot be reached by a Man upon a Camel's Back. This Rib (says John
Leo} is said to have tayn there a hundred Years before t saw it. Their
Historians affirm, that a Prophet who prophesy'd of Mahomet, came from
this Temple, and some do not stand to assert, that the Prophet Jonas

‘was cast forth by the Whale at the Base of the Tempte.”

In this Attic Temple of the Whale Heave you, reader, and ifyou be a
Nantucketer, and a whaleman, you wil siently worship there,

CHAPTER 105. Does the Whale's Magnitude Diminish? Will He Perish?

Inasmuch, then, as this Leviathan comes foundering down upon us from
the head-waters of the Etesnites, it may be fity inquired, whether,

in the tong course of his generations, he has not degenerated from the
original butk ofhis sires.

But upon investigation we find, that not only are the whales of the
present day superior in magnitude to those whose fosell remains are
found in the Tertiary system (embracing a distinct geological period
rior fo man}, but ofthe whales found in that Tertiary system, those
belonging to its latter formations exceed in size those ofits eattier

Of all the pre-adamite whales yet exhumed, by far the largest is the
Aiabama one mentioned in the fast chapter, and that was jess than
‘seventy feet in length in the skeleton. Whereas, we have already seen,
thal the tape-measure gives seventy-two feet for the sksteton of a

latge sized modern whale. And |have heard, on whalemen’s authority,
thal Sperm Whales have been captured near a hundred feet tong at the
time of capture.

But may itnot be, that while the whales ofthe present hour are an
advance in magnitude upon those of ail previous geological periods; may
itnotbe, that since Adam's time they have degenerated?

Assurediy, we must conclude sa, fwe are to credit the accounts of
such gentlemen as Pliny, and the ancient naturalists generally. For

Pliny tells us of whales that embraced acres of tiving bulk, and
Aidrovandus of others which measured eight hundred feet in tength—Rope
Walks and Thames Tunnels of Whales! And even in the days of Banks and
Solander, Cooke's naturalists, we find a Danish member of the Academy
of Solences setting down certain loeland Whales (reydan-siskut, oF
Wrinkled Sefiies) at ane hundred and twenty yards: thatis, three

‘hundred and sixty feet. And Lacépéde, the French naturalist, in his
slaborate history of whales, in the very beginning of his work (page

3), sets down the Right Whale at one hundred metres, three hundred and
