be tn, its Rexions are invariably marked by exceeding grace. Therein
‘no faity's arm can transcend it

Five great motions are peculiar to it First, when used as a fin for
progression; Second, when used as a mace in battle: Third, in sweeping,
Fourth, in lobtaiting; Fith, in peaking flukes.

First: Being horizontal in its position, the Leviathan’s tall acts in a
different manner from the tails of ail other sea creatures. never
wriggles. In man or fish, weiggling is a sign of inferionity. To the
whale, his talis the sole means of propulsion. Sorott-wise coiled
forwards beneath the body, and then rapidly sprung backwards, itis
this which gives that singular darting, leaping motion to the monster
when furiously swimming. His side-fins only serve to steer by.

Second: Itis afte significant, that while one sperm whale onty
fights another snerm whale with his head and jaw, nevertheless, in his
conflicts with man, he chiefly and contemptuously uses his tall. in
striking ata boat, he swifly curves away his Nukes fromit, and the

blow is only inflicted by the recoil. Fit be made in the unobstructed

ait, especiatly iit descend to its mark, the stroke is then simply
imesistibie, No ribs of man or boat can withstand it. Your only

salvation fles in eluding it but iit comes sideways through the
‘opposing water, then partly owing to the tight buoyancy of the
whale-boat, and the elasticity oflis materials, a cracked rib ora

dashed plank or two, a sort ofstitch in the side, is generally the

most serious result. These submerged side blows are so often received
in the fishery, that they are accounted mere child's play. Some one
strips off frock, and the hole is stopped.

‘Third: teannet demonstrate it, butt seems to me, that in the whale
the sense of touch is concentrated in the tail for in this respect,

there is a delicacy in it nly equalled by the daintiness of the

elephants trunk. This delicacy is chiefly evinced in the action of
sweeping, when in maidenty gentleness the whale with a certain soft
slowness maves his immense flukes from side to side upon the surface of
the sea, and ifhe feel but a sailor's whisker, woe ta that sailor,

whiskers and all, What tenderness there is in that preliminary touch!

Had this tail any prehensile power, f should straightway bethink me of
Darmonodes’ elephant that so frequented the flower-market, and with low
salutations presented nosegays to damsels, and then caressed their
Zones. On more accounts than one, a pity itis that the whale does nat
possess this prehensile virtue in his tal; for thave heard of yet

‘another elephant, that when wounded in the fight, curved round his

‘unk and extracted the dart

Fourth: Stealing unawares upon the whale in the fancied security ofthe
middie of solitary seas, you find him unbent from the vast copulence
of his dignity, and kitten-like, he plays on the avean as ifit were a
hearth. But stil you see his power in his play. The broad paims ofhis
