“Quiting the pump at iast, with the rest of his band, the Lakeman went
forward ail panting, and sat himself down on the windlass; his face

fery red, his eyes bloodshot, and wiping the profuse sweat from his

brow. Now what cozening fiend itwas, gentlemen, that possessed Radney
to meddle with such a man in that corporeally exasperated slate, !know
not; but so it happened. Intoterably stiding along the deck, the mate
‘commanded hin to get a broom and sweep down the planks, and also a
shovel, and remove some offensive matters consequent upon altowing 2
ig to run at large.

“Now. gentlemen, sweeping a ship's deck al sea is a piece of household
work which in ail times but raging gales is regularly attended to every
‘evening; ithas been known to he done in the case of ships actually
foundering atthe time. Such, gentiemen, is the inflexibility of

sea-usages and the instinctive fove of neatness in seamen; some of whom
would not willingly drown without frst washing thelr faces. But in all
vessels this broom business is the prescriptive provines of the boys,

if boys there be aboard, Besides, itwas the stronger men in the

‘Town-Ho that had been divided into gangs, taking tuens at the pumps;

and being the most athletic seaman of them all, Steeikilthad been
regularly assigned captain of one of the gangs: cansequentty he should
have heen freed from any trivial business not connected with truly

‘nautical duties, such being the case with his comrades. ! mention all

these particulars so that you may understand exaclly how this affaic

stood between the two men,

“But there was more than this: the order about the shovel was aimost as
plainly meant ta sting and Insult Steelki, as though Radney had spat

in his face. Any man who has gone satlor in a whale-ship will

‘understand this; and ail this and doubtless much more, the Lakeman

fully comprehended when the mate uttered fis command. But as he sat

stil for a moment, and as he steadfastly looked inta the mate's

‘malignant eye and peropived the slacks of powder-casks heaped up in him.
and the slow-miaich silently buming along towards ther as he

instinctively saw allthis, that strange forbearance and unwiltingness

to stirup the deeper passionateness in any already ireful being—a
repugnance most felt, when felt at al, by really vatiant men even when
aggrieved this nameless phantom feeling, gentlemen, stole over

Steethit

“Therefore, in his ordinary tone, only a litte broken by the bodily
‘exhaustion he was temporanily in, he answered him saying that sweeping
the deck was not his business, and he would nat do it. And then,

without at al alluding ta the shovel, he pointed to three lads as the
customary sweepers; who, nat being billeted at the pumps, had done
{ite or nothing all day. To this, Radney septied with an oath, in a

‘most domineering and outrageous manner unconditionally reiterating his
‘command; meanwhile advancing upon the stil seated Lakeman, with an
plified cooper's club hammer which he had snatched from a cask near
by.
