came sideways smiting the sea. But soon, as if satisfied that his work
{or that ime was done, he pushed his pleated forehead through the
‘ocean, and traifing after him the intertangied tines, continued his
leeward way ata traveller's methodic pace,

‘As before, the attentive ship having descried the whole fight, again
‘came bearing down to the rescue, and drepping a boat, picked up the
floating mariners, tubs, oats, and whatever else could be caught at,

‘and safely tanded them on her decks. Some sprained shoulders, wrists,
and aniles; livid contusions; wrenched harpoons and tances;
Inextricable intricacies of rope; shattered oars and planks; afl these

were there; but no fatal or even serious ill seemed to have befallen

any one. AS with Fedailah the day before, so Ahab was now found grienly
clinging to his boat's broken half, which afforded a comparatively easy
foal; nor did itso exhaust him as the previous day's mishap,

Gut when he was helped to the deck, all eyes were fastened upon him: as
instead af standing by himself he stil haithung upon the shoulder of
Starbuck, who had thus far been the foremost to assist him, His ivory

eg had been snapped off. leaving but one short sharp splinter.

“Aye, aye, Starbuck, ts sweet to Jean sometimes, be the leaner who he
will, and would old Ahab had leaned offener than he has”

“The ferrule has not siood, sir” said the carpenter, now coming up,
put good work into thatieg”

“But no bones broken, sir, hhape,” said Stubb with true concern
“Aye! and all splintered to pieces, Stubb!_d'ye sce it But even with a
broken bone, old Ahab is untouched: and { apcount no tiving bone of,
mmine one jot more me, than this dead one that's fost. Nor white whale,

‘nor man, Nor fiend, can so much as graze old Ahab in his awn proper and
inaccessible being. Can any iead touch yonder finer, any mast scrape
yonder roof?—Aloft there! which way?

“Dead to leeward, sir”

“Up helm, then: pile an the sail again, ship keepers! down the rest of

the spare boals and rig them Mr. Starbuck away, and muster the boat's

“Letme first help thee towards the bulwarks, sit”

*Oh, oh, oht how this splinter gores me now! Accursed fate! that the
‘unconquerabie captain in the soul should have such a craven mater”

“sie

“My body, man, nat thee. Give me something for a cane—there, that
