glazier” True enough, thought f, as this passage occurred to my
‘mind—old black-letter, thou reagonest well. Yes, these eyes are

windows, and this body of mine is the house. What a pity they did't

stop up the chinks and the crannies though, and thrust in a tite fint

there and there. But i's too late to make any improvements now. The
universe ts finished; the copestone is on, and the chips were carted

off million years ago. Poor Lazarus there, chattering tis teeth

against the curbstone for his pillow, and shaking off his tatters with

‘his shiverings, he might plug up both ears with rags, and put a

‘corn-cob into his mouth, and yet that would not keep out the

tempestuous Euroclyddon. Eurociydont says old Dives, in his red sitken
wrapper—{he had a redder one afterwards} pooh, pooh! What a fine frosty
Aight: how Orion glitiers; what northern fights! Let them talk of their
oriental summer climes of everlasting conservatories; give me the
privilege of making my own summer with my own coals.

‘Gut what thinks Lazarus? Can he warm his blue hands by holding them up
to the grand northem lights? Would not Lazarus rather be in Sumatra

than here? Would he not far rather tay him down lengthwise along the

{ine ofthe equator, yea, ye gods! go down to the flesy pit itself, in

order to keep out this frost?

Now, that Lazarus should jle stranded there on the curbstone before the
‘door of Dives, this is more wonderfil than that an iceberg should be
moored to one of the Moluccas. Yet Dives himself, he too lives like a
‘Czar in an ice patace made offozen sighs, and being a president ofa
temperance sociely, he only drinks the tepid tears of orphans.

But no more ofthis blubbering now, we are going a-whaling, and there
is plenty of that yet to come. Let us scrape the ioe from our frosted
‘eet, and see what sort of a place this “Spouter may be.

CHAPTER 3, The Spouter-fnn.

Entering that gable-ended Spouter-inn, you found yourseifin a wide,
ow, straggling enty with old-fashioned wainscots, reminding one of

‘the bulwarks of some condemned old craft. On one side hung a very tara.
cilpainting so thoroughly besmoked, and every way defaced, that in the
‘unequal crosstights by which you viewed it,itwas oniy by diligent

study and a series of systematic visits to it, and careful inquiry of

the neighbors, that you could any way arrive at an understanding ofits
purpose. Such unaccountable masses of shades and shadows, that al first
‘you almost thought some ambitious young artist, in the time of the New
England hags, had endeavored to datineate chaos bewitched, But by dint
of much and eamest contemplation, and off repeated panderings, and
‘especially by throwing open the tittle window towards the back of the

‘nity, you at fast come to the conclusion thal such an idea, however

wild, might nat be attogether unwarranted.
