in paragraph 1.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’ WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
‘TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FIFNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE,

1.F5, Some slates do not allow disclaimers af certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation af certain types of damages.
Hany disclaimer or timitation set forth in this agreement violates

the law ofthe state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shalt
‘be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer os limitation permitted
‘by the applicable state law. The invalicity or unenforceabilily of any
provision of this agreement shail not void the remaining provisions.

4LF6, INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employer of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distibution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
‘harmless from ail liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,

that arise directly or indirectly from any of he fattowing which you

do oF cause to occur: {a) distribution af this or any Project

‘Gutenderg-tm work, (b} alteration, modification, or additions or

deletions to any Project Gulenberg-im work, and (c} any Defect you

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-im.

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous withthe free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest varlely of computers,
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. Htexisis
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from.
peopte in all watks of if

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tar's
‘goais and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-im collection will remain
‘feely availabie for generations to come. In 200%, the Project
‘Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was ereaied to provide a secure
and permanent fulure for Project Gulenberg-tm and future generations,
‘To team more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and hew your efforts and donations can help, see Sections & and 4 and
the Foundation web page at httpwww.pglat.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Guienberg Literary Archive
Foundation

‘The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
50 f{c}3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state
of Mississippi and granted tax exemp! slatus by the internal Revenue
