And the women of New Bediord, they bloom tke thelr own red roses. But
roses only bioom in summer; whereas the fine camation oftheir cheeks

is perennial as sunlight In the seventh heavens. Elsewhere match that
bloom of theirs, ye cannot, save in Salem, where they tell me the young
girls breathe such musk, their saifor sweethearts smell them miles off
shore, as though they were drawing nigh the odorous Moluccas instead of
the Puritanio-sands,

CHAPTER 7. The Chapel

In this same New Bediord there stands a Whaleman's Chapel, and few are
the moody fishermen, shorly bound for the Indian Ocean or Pacific, who
failto make a Sunday visita the spot. Lam sure that tid not

Returning from my first morning stroll, Fagain sallied out upon this
special errand. The sky had changed from clear, sunny cold, to diving
sleet and mist. Wrapping myself in my shaggy jacket of the cloth called
bearskin, Hought my way against the stubborn storm. Entering, |found
a small scattered congregation of eailors, and sallors' wives and
widows. A mulled silence reigned, omly broken a times by the shrieks
ofthe storm. Each silent worshipper seemed purposely sitting apart
{rom the other, as ifeach sitent grief were insular and

inoommunicable. The chapiain had not yet artived, and there these
silentisiands of men and women sat steadfastly eyeing several marble
tablets, with black borders, masoned into the wall on either side the
uipit, Three of them ran something fike the faflowing, but Fdo not
pretend to quote—

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF JOHN TALBOT, Who, at the age of eighteen, was
fost overboard, Near the Isle of Desolation, aff Patagonia, November_
4st, 1838, THIS TABLET Is erected to his Memory BY HIS SISTER.

 

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF ROBERT LONG, WILLIS ELLERY, NATHAN COLEMAN,
WALTER CANNY, SETH MACY, AND SAMUEL GLEIG, Forming one of the boats

crews OF THE SHIP ELIZA Who were towed out of sight by a Whale, On the

‘Offshore Ground in the PACIFIC, December_34_s|_, 1839. THIS MARBLE

Is here placed by their surviving SHIPMATES,

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF The tale CAPTAIN EZEKIEL HARDY, Who in the bows
of his boat was killed by 2 Sperm Whale on the coast of Japan, _August_
3_d_, 1833, THIS TABLET Is erected to his Memory BY HIS WIDOW.

Shaking off the sleet from my ice-glazed hat and jacket, Fseated
myself near the door, and turning sideways was surprised to see
‘Queequeg near me. Affected by the solemnity ofthe scene, there was a
wondering gaze of incredulous curiosity n his countenance. This savage
was the only person present who seemed to notice my entrance; because
‘he was the only one wha could not ead, and, therefore, was nat reading
