‘water, those indiscreet spades of theirs would come nearer ampulating 3
{eg than a tall. But poor Queequeg, ! suppose, straining and gasping
there with thal great iron ttook—poor Queequag, t suppose, only prayed
to his Yojo, and gave up hie fife into the hands of his gods.

‘Well, well, my dear convade and twin-brother, thought fas Hdrew in
and then sacked off the rope to every swell of the sea—what matters,

it, after af? Are you not the precious image ofeach and ail ofus men

1m this whating world? That unsounded ooean you gasp In, is Life; those
sharks, your foes; those spades, your fiends; and what between sharks
and spades you are in a sad pickle and peril, poor fad

ut courage! there is good cheer in store for you, Queequeg. For now,
‘as with blue lips and blood-shot eyes the exhausted savage al last

‘limbs up the chains and stands all dripping and involuntarily

‘sembling over the side; the steward advances, and with a benevotent,
consolatory glance hands him—what? Same hot Cognac? NoFhands im, ye
godst hands hint a cup of tepid ginger and water!

“Ginger? Do | smell ginger?” suspiciously asked Stub, coming near
“Yes, this must be ginger.” peering into the as yet untasted cup. Then

standing asf incredulous for a while, he calmly waiked towards the

astonished steward siowly saying, "Ginger? ginger? and will you have

the goodness to teil me, Mr. Dough-Boy, where ties the virtue of

ginger? Ginger is ginger the sort of fuel you use, Dough-boy, to

indle a fre in this shivering cannibal? Gingerl—whal the devil is,

ginger? Sea-coal? firewood? —tucifer matches?—tindar?—gunpowder?—what
the devilis ginger, say, thal you offer this cup to our poor

‘Queequeg here”

 

“There is some sneaking Temperance Society movement about this
business,” he suddenly added, now approaching Starbuck, who had just
‘come from forward. “Wit you ook at that kannakin, sir: sme! of i

ifyou please.” Then watching the mate's countenance, he added, “The
steward, Mr. Starbuck, had the face to offer that calomel and jalap to
‘Queequeg, there, this instant off the whale. Is the steward an
apothecary, sit? and may Fask whether this is the sort of bitters by

which he blows back the fife into a half-drowned man?”

“trust not” said Starbuck, “itis poor stuffenough.”

“Aye, aye, steward, cried Stubb, ‘we'll leach you to drug a
hampooneer, none of your apothecary's medicine here: you want to poison
us, do ye? You have got out insurances on our fives and want fo murder

us all, and pocket the proozeds, do ye?”

“twas not me, cried Dough-Boy, “itwas Aunt Chasity that brought the
ginger on board: and bade me never give the harpooneers any spirits,
but only this ginger-jub—so she caited it”
