flames on his body,

‘The tableau all waned at last with the palidness aloft, and once more
the Pequod and every soul on her decks were wrapped in a pall. A moment
oF two passed, when Starbuck, going forward, pushed against some one.
Itwas Siubb. What thinkest thou new, man; [heard thy ery, twas not

the same in the sang.”

"No, no, itwaso't t said the corpusanis have mercy on us all; and |
hope they wil, stil. But do they only have mercy on tong faces?—have
they no bowels for a faugh? And took ye, Mr. Slarbuck—but i's too dark
to fook. Hear me, then: Hake that mast-head fame we saw for a sign

of good luck; for those masts are ranted in a hold that is going to be.
chock a' block with sperm-oil, a'ye see; and so, ail that sperm will

‘work up Into the masis, ke sap in a tree. Yes, our three masts will

yet be as three spermaceti candies—thals the good promise we saw.”

Atthat moment Starbuck caught sight of Stubb's face slowly beginning
to pllmmer into sight. Glancing upwards, he cried: “Sel see and once
more the high tapering flames were beheld with what seemed redoubled
supematurainess in their paitor.

“The corpusants have mercy on us ali” cried Stubb, again

Atthe base of the mainmast, full beneath the doubloon and the flame,
the Parsee was kneeling in Ahab's front, but with his head bowed away
‘fom him; while near by, from the arched and overhanging rigging, where
they had just been engaged securing a spar, a number of the seamen,
arrested by the glare, now cohered together, and hung pendulous, lke 2
knot of numbed wasps from a drooping, orchard twig. In various
‘enchanted altitudes, fike the standing, or stepping, or tunning

skeletons in Herculaneum, others remained rooted to the deck: but ail
their eyes upeast

“Aye, aye, men?” cried Ahab. “Look up at it mark it well the white
‘tame but tights the way to the White Whale! Hand me those mainmast,
Jinks there; ! would fain fee! this pulse, and tet mine beat against

it; blood against fret So”

‘Then turning—the fast tink held fast in his left hand, he put his foot
‘upon the Parsee: and with ixed upward eye, and high-flung right arm,
he stood erect before the tofly ti-pointed tinity of ames,

~Obt thou clear spit of clear fre, whom on these seas las Persian
‘once did worship, til in the sacramental act go burned by thee, that
to this hour Hear the sear; [now know thee, thou clear spirit, and F
‘now know that thy right worship is defiance. To neither tove nor
reverence wilt thou be kind: and e'en for hate thou canst but kil, and
all are killed, No fearless foo! now fronts thee. town thy speechless,
placeless power, but io the fast gasp of my earthquake life wil
