know not that any other author has hinted of the matter; but by
inference it seems to me thal the sturgeon must be divided in the same
way as the whate, the King receiving the fighly dense and elastic head
peculiar to that fish, which, symbatically regarded, may possibly be
‘humorously grounded upon some presumed congenialily. And thus there
seems a reason in all things, even in law.

CHAPTER 91. The Pequod Meets The Rose-Bud,

“in vain it was to rake for Ambergriese in the paunch of this
Leviathan, insufferabte fetor denying not inquiry” _Sir F Browne,
VEL

twas .a week or two after the last whating scene recounted, and when
we were slowly sailing over a sleepy, vapory, mid-day sea, that the
many noses on the Pequod’s deck proved more vigilant discoverers than
the thvee pairs ofeyes aloft A peculiar and not very pleasant smell

was smettin the sea.

“Lill bet something now.” said Stubb, “thal somewhere hereabouts are
some of those drugged whales we tickled the ather day. Ithought they
would kee! up before tong.”

Presently, the vapors in advance sfid aside; and there in the distance
{ay a ship, whose furled sails betokened thal some sort of whale must

be alongside. As we glided nearer, the stranger showed French colours
‘rom his peak: and by the eddying cloud of vulture sea-fow! that

circled, and hovered, and swooped around him, twas piain that the
whale alongside must be what the fishermen cail a blasted whale, that

Js, a whale that has died unmolested on the sea, and so floated an
‘unappropriaied corse. tmay well be conceived, what an unsavory odor
such a mass must exhale; warse than an Assyrian city in the plague,
when the living are incompetent to bury the departed, So intolerable
indeed is it regarded by some, that no cupidity could persuade them to
‘moor alongside of i. Yet are there those who wit sti do it,
notwithstanding the faet that the oil obtained from such subjects is of
avery inferior quality, and by no means of the nature of

attar-oFrose.

‘Coming still nearer with the expiring breeze, we saw that the Frenchman
ad a second whale alongside; and this second whale seemed even more of
a nosegay than the fist. in rut, it umed out to be one ofthose

problematical whales thal seem to dry up and die with a sort oF

prodigious dyspepsia, or indigestion: feaving their defunct bodies

almost entirety bankrupt of anything tke oll. Nevertheless, in the

proper place we shall see that no knowing fisherman will ever tum up

this nose at such a whale as this, however much he may shun blasted

whales in general
