‘One often hears of writers that fise and swell with their subject,

though it may seem but an ordinary one. How, then, with me, writing of
this Leviathan? Unconscious\y my chirography expands into placard
capitals, Give me a condor's quill Give ma Vesuvius’ crater for an
inkstand! Friends, hold my arms! For in the mere act of penning my
thoughts of this Leviathan, they weary me, and make me faint with their
outreaching comprehensiveness of sweep, as ifto include the whole
circle of the scienves, and all the generations of whales, and men, and
‘mastodons, past, present, and to come, with ail the revolving panoramas
of empire on earth, and throughout the whole universe, not excluding

its subusbs. Such, and so magnifying, is the virue ofa large and

fiberal theme! We expand to its hulk. To produce 8 mighty book, you
must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be.
writien on the flea, though many there be who have tied i.

Ere entering upon the subject of Fossil Whales, | preseat my
credentials as a geologist, by stating that in my miscellaneous time F
have been a stone-mason, and aiso a great digger of ditches, canals and
wells, wine-voults, cellars, and cistems ofall sorts, Likewise, by

way of preliminary, H desire to remind the reader, that white in the

earlier geological strata there are found the fossits of monsters now:
almost completely extinct the subsequent relics discovered in what are
called the Tertiary formations seem the connecting, or at any rate
intercepted tinks, between the antichronical creatures, and those whose
semote posterity are said to have entered the Ark, ail the Fossit

Whales hitherto discovered belong to the Terliary period, which is the
{ast preceding the superficial formations. And though none of them
precisely answer to any known species ofthe present time, they are yet
sufficiently akin to them in general respects, to justify heir taking

rank as Cetacean fossits.

Detached broken fossils of pre-adamiite whales, fragments oftheir bones
and skeletons, have within thiry years past, at various intervals,

‘been found at the base of the Alps, in Lombardy, in France, in Engiand,
in Seotland, and in the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama
Among the more curious of such remains is part ofa skull, which in the
year 4779 was disinterred in the Rue Dauphine in Paris, a short street
‘opening almost directly upon the palace of the Tuileries, and bones
disinteed in excavating the great dacks of Antwerp, in Napoteon’s

lime. Cuvier pronounced these fragments to have belonged to some
utterly unknown Leviathanic species,

But by far the most wonderful of all Cetacean relies was the almost
‘complete vast skeleton of an extinct monster, found in the year 1842,

‘on the plantation of Judge Creagh. in Alabama. The awe-stricken
credulous staves in the vicinity took it for the bones of one of the

fallen angels. The Alabama doctors declared it a huge reptile, and
bestowed upon ithe name of Basilosaurus. But some specimen bones of
itbeing taken across the sea to Owen, the English Anatomist, it tuned
