Ahab answered—Aye.” Straightway, then, Gabriel ance more started to
his feet, glaring upon the old man, and vehemently exclaimed, with
dawnward pointed finger—Think, think of the blasphemer—dead, and dawn
there!beware af the blasphemer's endl”

Ahab siotidly tumed aside; then said ta Mayhew, “Captain, thave just
bethought me of my tetter-bag; there is a etter for one of hy
officers, if mistake nat. Starbuck, fook aver the bap.”

Every whale-ship takes aut a goodty number of eters for various
ships, whose delivery to the persons to whom they may be addressed,
depends upan the mare chance of encountering them in the four oceans,
‘Thus, most eters never reach their mark; and many are only received
after attaining an age of two or three years or more,

Soon Starbuck returned with a letter in his hand. Itwas sorely
tumbled, damp, and covered with a dull, spotted, green mould, in
consequence afbeing kept in a dark focker of the cabin, Of such a
{etier, Death himseif might well have been the postboy.

*Can'st not read it?” cried Ahab. “Give it me, man. Aye, aye, it's but
‘a dim scrawl;—what's this?” As he was studying it out, Starbuck took a
tong cutting-spade pole, and with his knife sfighity split the end, to
Insert the letter there, and in that way, hand it to the boat, without

its coming any closer to the ship,

Meantime, Ahab hotding the fetter, muttered, “Mr. Har—yes, Mr. Harry—ta
woman's pinny hand,—the man's wife, 1 wager}—Aye—Mr. Harry Macey,
‘Ship Jeroboam,—why its Macey, and he's dead”

“Poor fellow! poor fellow! and from his wife. sighed Mayhew; “but et
me have it”

Nay, keep it thyself” cried Gabriel to Ahab; “thou art soon going
thatway.”

“Curses throttle thee!” yelled Ahab. “Captain Mayhew, sland by now to
seceive it, and taking the fatal missive from Starbuck's hands, he
caught itin the slit ofthe pote, and reached it over towards the

boat. But as he did so, the aarsmen expeciantly desisted from rowing:
the boat died a tithe towards the ship's stem, so that, as ify

magic, the letter suddenly ranged along with Gabrie's eager hand. He
‘clutched itn an instant, seized the boat-knife, and impating the

{etter on it, sent itthus foaded back inta the ship. It fell at Anab's

‘eet. Then Gabriel shrieked out to his comrades to give way with their
‘oars, and in that manner the mutinous boat rapidly shot away from the
Pequod,

As, afler this intertude, the seamen resumed their work upon the jacket
ofthe whale, many strange things were hinted in referenos to this wild
