in the whate, they say he is gatlied. The compact martial columns in
which they had been hitherto rapidly and steadily swimming, were now
broken up in one measuretess rout; and tike King Porus’ elephants in
the Indian battle with Alexander, they seemed going mad with
constesnation. in ail directions expanding in vast inegular circles,

and aimlessly swimming hither and thithes, by their short thick
spoutings, they piainty betrayed their distraction of panic. This was

stil more strangely evinosd by those oftheir number, who, completely
paralysed as it were, helplessly foaled like waleriogged dismantled
ships on the sea, Had these Leviathans been hut a flock of simple
sheep, pursued over the pasture by three fierce wolves, they could not
possibly have evinced such excessive dismay. But this occasional
lirndity is characteristic of almost all herding creatures. Though
‘banding together in tens of thousands, the flon-maned buffaloes of the
West have fled before a solliary horseman. Witness, 100, ali human
‘beings, how when herded together in the sheepfoid ofa theatre's pit,
they will, at the slightest alarm of fre, rush helter-skelter for the

‘outlets, crowding, trampling, jamming, and remorselessly dashing each
other to death. Best, therefore, withhold any amazement at the
strangely gallied whales before us, for there is no folly of the beasts
ofthe earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of een.

‘Though many of the whales, as has been said, were in violent motion,
yetitis to be observed that as a whole the herd neither advanosd nor
selseated, but collectively remained in one place. As is customary ia

those cases, the boats al once separated, each making for some one fone.
whale on thé outskiris ofthe shoal. in about three minutes’ time,
‘Queequeg’s harpoon was flung; the sticken fish darted blinding spray

in our faces, and then running away with us tke fight, steered

straight for he heart of the herd. Though such a movement on the part
ofthe whale struck under such circumstances, is in no wise
unprecedented: and indeed is almost always more or fess anticipated,

yel does it present one ofthe more perilous vicissitudes of the

fishery. For as the swift monster drags you deeper and deeper into the
‘antic shoal, you bid adieu to circumspect Wie and oniy existin 2

detirious throb.

As, blind and deaf, the whale plunged forward, as if by sheer power of
speed to rid himseifof te iron feech that had fastened to him as we
‘thus tore a white gash in the sea, on ail sides menaced as we flew, by
the crazed creatures to and fro tushing about us; our beset boat was
like a ship mobbed by ioe-islas in a tempest, and striving to steer
through their complicated channels and straits, knowing not at what
‘moment it may be locked in and crushed.

ut not a bit daunted, Queeques sleered us manfully; now sheering of
‘rom this monster direely across aur route in advance; now edging away
‘fom that, whose colossal flukes were suspended overhiead, while all the
time, Starbuck stood up in the bows, ance in hand, pricking out of our
way whatever whales he could reach by short darts, for there was no
