Hknow that this queer adventure ofthe Gay-Header’s will be sure to
seem incredible to some landsmen, though they themselves may have
either seen or heard of some one's falling into a cistern ashore: an
accident which not seldom happens, and with much less teason toa than
the Indian's, considering the exeaeding slipperiness of the curb ofthe
Sperm Whale's weil

But, peradventure, it may be sagaciously urged, how is this? We thought
the issued, inflated head ofthe Sperm Whale, was the lightest and

most corky part about him, and yet thou makestit sink in an element of

a far greater specific gravity than itself. We have thes there. Not at

all, butt have ye, for at the time poor Tash fell in, the case had

been nearly emptied of ts fighter contents, teaving title but the

sense tendinous wal of the wella double welded, hammered substance,
as thave before said, much heavier than the sea water, and a lump of
which sinks in ittke lead almost. But the tendency to rapid sinking

in this substance was in the present instance materially counteracted

boy the other paris of the head remaining undetached from it, so trat it
sank very slowly and deliberately indeed, affarding Queequeg a fair
chance for performing his agile obstettics on the run, as you may say.

‘Yes, twas a running delivery, so itwas.

Now. had Tashiego perished in that head, ithad been a very precious:
pesishing; smothered in the very whitest and daintiest of fragrant
‘spermaceli; coffined, heatsed, and tombed in the secret inner chamber
and sanclum sanctorum ofthe whate. Only one sweeter end can readily be
Tecalled—the delicious death of an Ohio honey-hunter, who seeking honey
in the erotch of a hotiow tree, found stich exceeding store oft that

teaning too far over, it sucked hina In, so that he died embalmed. How
‘many, think ye, have likewise fallen into Plato's honey head, and

sweetly perished there?

‘CHAPTER 79, The Prairie.

‘To scan the fines of his faoe, or fee! the bumps on the head of this
Leviathan: this is a thing which no Physiognomist or Phrenologist has
as yet underiaken. Such an enterprise would seem almost as hopeful as.
‘or Lavater to have serutinized the wrinkles on the Rock of Gibrattar,

‘for Gail to have mounted a ladder and manipulated the Dome of the
Pantheon, Stil, in that famous work of hie, Lavater not only teats of

the various faces of men, but algo attentively studies the faces of

horses, birds, serpents, and fish; and dwels in detail upon the
‘modifications of expression discernible therein. Nor have Gail and his
disciple Spurzheim failed to throw out some hints touching the
phrenological characteristics of other beings than man, Therefore,
though | am but at qualified for a pioneer, in the application of

these two semi-sciences to the whale, Iwill do my endeavor. Fy all
things: Lachieve what Fan
