‘Overhearing Starbuck, the panic-stiicken crew instantly ran to the
braces—though not a sail was ieft aloft. For the moment ail the aghast
‘mate's thoughis seemed theirs; they raised a hatf mutinous ory. But
dashing the rating lightning finks to the deck, and snatching the
burning harpoon, Ahab waved It ike a torch among them, swearing to
‘ranshx with it the first sailor that but cast loose a mape's end,

Petsified by his aspect, and stil more shrinking from the flery dart
thathe held, the men fell back in dismay, and Ahab again spoke: —

“All your oaths to hunt the White Whale are as binding as mine: and
‘peart, soul, and bedy, lungs and iife, old Ahab is bound. And that ye
‘may know to what tune this heart beats; look ye here; thus | blow out
the last fear!” And with one blast of his breath he extinguished the
flame,

Asin the hurricane that sweeps the plain, men fiy the neighborhood of
some tone, gigantic elm, whose very height and stength but render it
‘so much the mare unsafe, because so much the more a mark for
thunderbatts; so at those last words af Ahab's many of the mariners did
fun from him in a terror ef dismay.

(CHAPTER 120, The Deck Towards the End of the First Night Watch,
_Ahab standing by the helm. Starbuck approaching him_

“We must send down the main-top-sall yard, sit. The band is working
toose and the fee fiftis half-stranded. Shall t strike it, sir?”

“Strike nothing; lash it Ifh had sky-sall poles, Fd sway them up

“Bict_in God's namel—sir™
“well
“The anchors are working, sit. Shall [get them inboard?™

“Sirike nothing, and stir nothing, but lash everything. The wind rises,
but ithas not gotup to my table lands yet. Quick, and see to it By
masts and Keele! he takes me for the hunch-backed skipper of some
coasting smack. Send down my main-top-sai yard! Ho, gluepotst Loftiest
trucks were made for wildest winds, and this brain-truck of mine now
sails amid the cloud-scud. Shail !stike that? On, none but cowards

send down their brain-irucks in tempest time. What a hooroosh aloft
there! F would e'en take it for sublime, did Enot know that the eatic

is a noisy malady. Oh, take medicine, take medicine!”
