“Didn't say dat all> said Fleece, again in the sulk,

*You said up there, didn't you? and naw look yourself, and see where
your tongs are pointing. But, perhaps you expect to get into heaven by
‘crawling through the tubber's hate, cook; but, no, no, cook, you don't
get there, except you go the regular way, round by the sigging. tts a
ticktish business, but must be done, oF else it's no go. But none of us
are in heaven yet Drop yaur tongs, cook, and hear my orders. Do ye
‘hear? Hold your hat in one hand, and clap father a'tap of your heart,
when Fmigiving my orders, cook, What! that your hear, there?—that’s
your gizzard! Aloft aloft—thats it_now you have it. Hold itthere

now, and pay attention*

“All “dention,” sald the old biack, with both hands placed as desired,
vainly wriggling his grizzled head, as ifto get both ears in front at
‘one and the same time.

“Well then, cook, you see this whale-steak of yours was so very bad,
that Ihave put it out of sight as soon as possibie; you see thal,

don't you? Well, forthe future, when you cook another whale-steak for
sy private table here, the capstan, 1 tel you what to do so as not

to spoil it by overdoing. Hold the steak in one hand, and show a tive
‘pal to itwith the other: that done, dish it, d'ye hear? And now
to-morrow, cook, when we are cutting in the fish, be sure you stand by
to get the tips of his fins; have them putin pickle. As for the ends

ofthe flukes, have them soused, cook. There, now ye may go”

But Fleece had hardly got three paces off, when he was recalted.

“Cook, give me cutlets for supper to-morrow night in the mid-wateh
D'ye hear? away you sail, then. —Hattoa! stop! make a bow before you
‘ge. —Avast heaving again! Whale-bals for breaktast—don't forget”

“Wish, by gor whale eat him, ‘stead of him eat whale. I'm bressed if
he ain't more of shark dan Massa Shark hisself” muttered the old man,
timing away; with which sage ejaculation he went to his hammock.

CHAPTER 65, The Whale as a Dish,

‘That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his tamp, and,
{ike Stubb, eat him by his own fight, as you may say, this seems 50
‘outlandish a thing that one must needs go a litte into the history and
philosophy oft.

itis upon record, that three centuries ago the tongue of the Right
Whale was esteemed a great delicacy in France, and commanded targe
prices there. Also, thal in Henry Vilit's tine, a certain cook of the

‘court obtained s handsome reward for inventing an adavrable sauce to be
