CHAPTER 58. The Gam.

‘The ostensibie reason why Ahab did not go on board of the whaler we had
spoken was this: the wind and sea betokered storms. But even had this,
not been the case, he would nat after ail, perhaps, have boarded
‘hes—judaing by his subsequent conduct on similar occasions—itso it had
been thal, by the process of hailing, he had oblained a negative answer
to the question he put. For, as iteventually tumad out, he eared not

to consort, even for five minutes, with any stranger captain, except he
‘could contribute some of that information he so absorbingly sought. But
ail this might remain inadequately estimated, were not something sald
here of the peculiar usages of whaling-vessels when meeting each other
in foreign seas, and especially on a common cruising-ground,

two strangers crossing the Pine Barrens in New York State, or the
‘equally desolate Salisbury Plain in England: ifeasuaily encountering
each other in such inhospitable wilds, these twain, forthe fife of

them, cannot well avoid a mutual salutation; and stopping for a moment
to interchange the news; and, perhaps, siting down for a white and
‘esting in concert: then, how much more natural that upon the
imitable Pine Barrens and Salisbury Pains of the sea, two whaling
vessels desorying each other at the ends ofthe earth—olfione
Fanning’s island, or the far away King's Mills; how much ore natural,

} say, that under such circumstances these ships should nat only
Interchange hails, but come into stil closer, more friendly and

sociable contact. And especially would this seem to be a matter of
‘purse, in the case of vessels owned in one seaport, and whose
captains, officers, and not a few af the men are personally known to
ach other; and consequently, have all sorts of dear domestic things to
talk about,

For the tong absent ship, the outward-bounder, perhaps, has letters on
board; at any rate, she will be sure to let hes have some papers of a

date a year or two later than the fast one on her blurred and

thumb-worn files, And in retum for that courtesy, the outward-bound

ship would receive the latest whaling intelligence from the
‘eruising-ground to which she may be destined, a thing of the utmost
importance to her. And in degree, allthis will hold ttue concerning
whaling vessels crossing each other's track on the crulsing-ground

itself, even though they are equatly long absent from home. For one of,
them may have received a transfer of fetters from some third, and now

far remote vessel, and some of those letters may be for the people of

the ship she now meets. Besides, they would exchange the whaling news,
and have an agreeable chat. Far not only would they meet with afl the
sympathies of sailors, but likewise with ail the peculiar

congenialities arising from a common pursuit and mutually shared
privations and petits,
