Did ye read it there, Flask? (guess ye did?”

“No: never saw such a book; heard of it, though. But now, tell me,
Stubb, de you suppose that that devil you was speaking of ust now, was.
the same you say is now on board the Pequod?™

“Amr tthe same man that helped kil this whale? Doesn't the devil five
{for ever: wha ever heard that the devil was dead? Did you ever see any
parson a wearing mourning for the devi? And ifthe devil has 2

faich-key to get into the admiral's cabin, don't you suppose he can
‘crawl into a porthole? Teli me that, Mr. Flask?"

“How old do you suppose Fedatiah is, Stub?”

“Do you see that mainmast there?” pointing to the ship; ‘well, that's
the figure one; now take aif the hoops in the Pequod’s hold, and sting
_atong in a row with that mast, for oughts, do you see; well, that
‘wouldn't begin fo De Fedailah’s age. Nor aif the coopers in creation
‘couldn't show hoops enough to make oughts enough”

“Bul see here, Siubb, | thought you a tittle boasted just now, that you
‘meant to give Fedallah a sea-toss, ifyou gota good chance. Now, if
he's 50 old as al those hoops of yours come to, and ifthe is going to
five for ever, what good will it do to pitch him overboard—tell me:
that?

“Give fim a good ducking, anyhow.
“Buthe'd crawl back”
“Duck him again; and keep ducking him.

“Suppose he should take itinto his head to duck you, though—yes, and
‘drown you—what then?”

* should fke to see him ty it: Pd give him such a pair of lack
‘eyes that he wouldn't dare to show his face in the admirat’s cabin

again for a long while, fet alone down in the orlop there, whare he

fives, and hereabouts on the upper decks where he sneaks so much. Dama
the devil, Flask: so you suppose I'm afiaid of the devil? Who's aftaid

of him, except the old governor who daresn't catch him and put him in
double-darbies, as he deserves, but lets him go about kidnapping

people; aye, and signed a bond with him, that all the peaple the devil
Kidnapped, he'd roast for him? There's a governor!

“Do you suppose Fedaltah wants to kidnap Captain Ahab?”
“Do Fsuppase it? You'll know it before fong, Flask. But Fam going now

to keep a sharp look-out on him; and if see anything very suspicious
‘going on, Hifjust take him by the nape of his neck, and say—Look
