barbed iron from one side of the world to the other.

‘Good again; but then all confess that samehow whaling is nat
respectable.

_Whating not respectable?_ Whaling is imperial! By old English
Siatutory taw, the whale is declared “a royal fish."*

Oh, that's ently nominal! The whale himself has never figured in any
grand imposing way.

The whale never figured in any grand imposing way?_ In one of the
‘mighty triumphs given to a Roman general upon his entering the world's
capital, the bones ofa whale, brought all the way from the Syrian

coast, were the most conspicuous object in the cymbaited provession*

“See subsequent chapters for something more on this head

‘Grant it, sinos you cite it but, say what you will there is no seal
aignity in whaling

_No dignity t9 whating?_ The dignity of our cating the very heavens
Stlest. Cetus is a constellation in the South! No more! Drive down your
‘hat in presence of the Czar, and take itoff to Queequeg! No moret
know 2 man that, in his lifetime, has taken three hundred and fy
whales. | account that man more honorable than that great captain of
antiquity who boasted of taking as many walled towns,

And, as for me, if,by any possibilty, there be any as yet
undiscovered prime thing in me; if shail ever deserve any real repute
in that small but high hushed world which [ight not be unreasonably
ambitious of, iThereatfer t shail do anything that, upon the whole, a
man might rather have done than to have left undanesif, at my death,
‘my executors, or more propedy my creditors, find any precious MSS. in
my desk, then here prospectively ascribe af the honor and the giory
to whaling; for a whale-ship was my Yale College snd my Harvard

‘CHAPTER 25. Postscript

In behalf ofthe dignity of whaling, twould fain advance naught but
substantiated facts. But after embaitfing his facts, an advocate who
should wholly suppress a not unreasonable surmise, which might tel
‘eloquently upon his cause—such an advocate, would he not be
blameworthy?

itis well known that at the coronation of kings and queens, even
modern ones, a certain curious process of seasoning them for thelr
functions is gone through. There is a saltcetlar of stale, so called,
and there may be a castor of state. How they use the salt,
