“And what was that saying about thysetf?”
“Though it come to the last, I shall stil go before thee thy pilot”

“And when thou art so gone before—if that ever befall_then ere Ican
follow, thou must stil appear to me, to pilot me stil?—Was it not so?
Weil, then, did I believe all ye say, oh my piloll Fhave here two
pledges that | shall yet slay Moby Dick and survive i.”

“Take another pledge, old man,” said the Parses, as his eyes lighted up
{ike fre-fies in the gioom—"Hemp only can kill thee”

“The gattows, ye mean.—I am immortal then, on fand and an sea,” cried
Ahab, with a laugh of derision:—“immortal an tand and on sea”

Both were silent again, as one man, The grey dawn came on, and the
slumbering crew arose from the boat's bottom, and ere noon the dead
‘whale was brought to the ship.

CHAPTER 118, The Quadrant.

‘The season for the Line at length drew near, and every day when Ahab,
coming from his cabin, cast his eyes aloft the vigitant helmsman would
ostentatiously handle his spokes, and the eager mariners quick’y run to
the braces, and would stand there with all their eyes centrally med

‘on the nailed doubtoon; impatient for the order to point the ship's.

prow for the equator. in good time the order came. Ht was hard upon
‘high noon; and Ahab, seated in the bows of his high-hoisted boat, was
‘about taking his wonted daily absenvation of the sun fo determine his
tattude,

Now, in that Japanese sea, the days in summer are as feshets of
‘efulgences. That unblinkinaly vivid Japanese sun seems the blazing
focus of the glassy ocean's immeasurable burning-glass. The sky !ooks
jacquered; clouds there are none; the horizon floats, and this,

nakedness af unrelieved radiance is as the insuferable splendors of
‘God's throne. Well that Ahab’s quadrant was furnished with coloured
glasses, through which to take sight of that sotar fre. So, swinging

‘his seated form to the toll of the ship, and with his

astrotogicaiookdng instrument placed to his eye, he remained in that
posture for some moments to catch the precise instant when the sun
should gain its precise meridian. Meantime while his whole attention
was absorbed, the Parsee was kneeting beneath hier on the ship's deck,
and with face thrown up ike Ahab's, was eyeing the same sun with him:
oniy the lids of his eyes half hooded their orbs, and his wild face was.
subdued to an earthly passioniessness. At iength the desired
‘observation was taken; and with his pencil upon his Ivory teg, Ahab
‘s00n calculated what his latitude must be at that precise instant. Then
falling into a moment's revery, he again tooked up towards the sun and
