solid head, which towers between them like a great mountain separating
‘wo fakes in valleys; this, of course, must wholly separate the

impressions which each independent organ imparis, The whale, therefore,
‘must see one distinct picture on this side, and another distinct

nicture on that side; while all between must be profound darkness and
sothingness to him. Man may, in effect, be said to took out on the

‘world from a sentry-box with two joined sashes for his window. But with
the whale, these two sashes are separaiely inserted, making hwo

distinct windows, but sadty impairing the view. This peculiarity of the
whale's eyes is a thing always to be borne in mind in the fishery, and

to be remembered by the reader in some subsequent scenes,

Accurious and most puzzling question might be started conceming this
visual matier as touching the Leviathan. But F must be content with a
hint, So fong as a man’s eyes are open in the tight, the act of seeing

is involuntary; that is, he cannot then help mechanically seeing
whatever objects are hefore him, Nevertheless, any one’s experience
‘will teach him, that though he can take in an undiscriminating sweep of
things at one glance, itis quite impossibie for him, attentively, and
completely, to examine any two things—however large or however smiail—at
‘one and the same instant oftime; never mind ithey lie side by side

‘and touch each other. But if you new come to separate these hwo
objects, and surround each by a circie of profound darkness; then, in
order to see one of them, in such a manner as ta bring your mind to
bear on i, the other will be utterly excluded from your contemporary
consciousness. How's it then, with the whale? True, both his eyes, in
themselves, must simultaneously act; but is his brain so much more
comprehensive, combining, and subtie than man’s, that he can at the
same moment of time attentively examine two distinct prospects, one on
‘one side of him, and the other in an exactly opposite direction” Ihe
‘can, then is itas marvetious a thing in him, as ifa man were able
siuitaneously to go through the demonstrations of two distinet
problems in Eucild, Nor, strictly investigated, is there any,

ineangnuity in this comparison.

may be but an idle whim, but thas always seemed to me, that the
extraordinary vaciilations of movement displayed by some whales when
beset by three or four boats; the Fmidity and liability to queer

fights, so common to such whates, {think that al this indirectly
proceeds from the helpless perpiexity of volition, in which their

divided and diametrically apposite powers of vision must involve them.

But the ear of the whale is full as curious as the eye. ifyou are an
‘entire stranger to theit race, you might hunt over these two heads for
hours, and never discover that organ. The ear has no external tea
whatever, and into the hole itself you can hardly insert a quill, so
wondrously minute is it His lodged a tile behind the eye. With

Tespect to their ears, this important difference is to be observed
between the sperm whale and the ight. While the ear of the former has
an extemal opening, that ofthe Iatter is entirely and eventy covered
