{full ower of the Equatorial feeding season, having just returned,
peshaps, from spending the summer in the Northern seas, and se cheating
summer of all unpleasant weariness and warmth, By the time they have
jounged up and down the promenade of the Equator awhile, they start for
the Oriental waters in anticipation of the cool season there, and so,

‘evade the other excessive temperature of the year

‘When serenely advancing on one of these journeys, ifany strange
suspicious sights are seen, my lord whale keeps a wary eye on his
interesting fanily. Should any unwarrantably pert young Leviathan
coming that way, presume to draw confidentially close to one ofthe
Jadies, with whal prodigious fury the Bashaw assalls him, and chases
him away! High times, indeed, if unpsincipled young rakes tke him are
to be permitied to invade the sanctity of domestic bliss; though do

what the Bashaw will, he cannot keep the most notorious Lothario out of
his bed: for, alas! afl ish bed in common. As ashore, the fadies often
cause the most terrible dusts among thelr rival admirers; just so with

the whales, who sometimes come fo deadly battle, and ail for love. They
fence with their tong tower Jaws, sometimes focking them together, and
‘30 striving for the supremacy like elks that wartingly inlerweave their
antlers. Not a few are captured having the deep scars of these
‘encounters furrowed heads, broken teeth, scalloped fins; and in some
instances, wrenched and disiocated mouths.

[But supposing the invader of domestic bliss to betake himself away at
the firstsush of the harem's tord, then is it very divarting to watch

that lord, Gently he insinuates his vast bulk among them again and

revels there awhile, stil in tantatizing vicinity to young Lothario,

{ike pious Sotomon devoutly worshipping among his thousand concubines.
‘Granting other whales to be in sight, the fishermen wil seidom give

chase to one of these Grand Turks: for these Grand Turks are too avish
oftheir strength, and hence their unctuousness is smatl. As for he

sons and the daughters they beget, why. those sons and daughters must
take care of themselves; at least, with only the matemai help. For

like certain other omnivorous roving lovers that might be named, my

Lord Whaie has no taste for the nursery, however much for the bower;

and so, being a great travelter, he leaves his anonymous babies all

ver the world; every baby an exotic. In good time, nevertheless, as

the ardour af youth dectines; as years and dumps increase, as

reflection fends her solemn pauses; in short, as a general fassitude
overtakes the sated Turk: then a love of eae and virtue supplanis the
Jove for maidens; our Ottoman enters upon the impotent, repentant,
admonitory stage of fife, frswears, disbands the harem, and grown to

an exemplary, sulky old soul, goes about ai! alone among the meridians.
‘and paraitets saying his prayers, and warning each young Leviathan from.
‘his amorous errors,

Now, as the harem of whales is catled by the fishermen a schoo}, s0 is
the ford and master of that school technically known as the
schoolmasier. fis therefore not in sbict character, however
