and very dieteticalty severe, 1s Dr. Bunger. (Bunges, you dog, laugh
‘out! why don't ye? You know you're a precious jolly rascal} But, heave
ahead, boy, I'd rather be killed by you than kept alive by any other,

 

imperturbable godly-ooking Bunger, slighly bowing to Anab—“is apt to
‘be facetious at mes; he spins us many clever things of that sort. But
may as well say—en passant, as the French remark—that fmyselfthat
isto say, Jack Bunger, {ate of the reverend clergy—am a strict total
abstinence man; never drink"

“Water” cried the captain; ‘he never drinks it i's 8 sort of Rts to
thin, fresh water throws him into the hydrophobia; but go on—go on with
the arm story”

“Yes, tmay as weil,” said the surgeon, coolly. “twas about observing,
sir, before Captain Boomer's facetious interruption, that spite of my
best and severest endeavors, the wound kept getting worse and worse:
the truth was, sir, twas as ugly gaping wound as surgeon ever saw,
‘more than two feet and several inches tong. I measured itwith the lead
fine. In short, it grew black: I knew what was threatened, and offit
‘came. But Hfiad no hand in shipping that ivory arm there; that thing is,
against all rule*_pointing att with the marfingspike—‘that is the
‘captain's work, not mine; he ordered the carpenter to make ithe had
that club-hammer there put to the end, to knock same one's brains out
with, !suppose, ag he tried mine ance. He fies into diabaticat
passions sometimes. Do ye see this dent, sit"removing his hat, and
brushing aside his hair, and exposing a bowl-tike cavity in his skull,
‘but which bore not the slightest seamy trace, or any token of ever
having been a wound—"Well, the captain there wit tell you how that
came here, he knows.”

“No, Ldon't” said the captain, “but his mother did; he was born with
1 Oh, you solemn rogue, you—you Bunger! was there ever such another
Bungerin the watery word? Bunger, when you die, you ought to dis in
pickle, you dog; you should he preserved to fulure ages, you rascal.”

“What became of the While Whale?” now cried Ahab, who thus far had been
impatient listening to this by-play between the two Englishmen.

*Ohr vied the one-armed captain, “oh, yes! Well; ater he sounded, we
didn't see him again for some time; in fact, as I before hinted, |

didn't then know what whale it was that had served me such a trick,

4il| some time afterwards, when coming back to the Line, we heard about
‘Moby Dick—as some cail him—and then fnew itwas he.”

“Did'st thou eroes his wake again?”

“Twice”
