stove by « whale.” —"_Narrative ofthe Shipwreck ofthe Whale Ship
Essex of Nantucket, which was attacked and finally destroyed by a
targe Sperm Whale in the Pacific Oozan_,”_By Owen Chace of
Nantucket. rst mate of said vessel. New York_, 1821

“A mariner satin the shrouds one night, The wind was piping free;
Now bright, now dimmed, was the moonlight pale, And the phospher
gleamed in the wake of the whale, As itfloundered in the sea”
—_Elizabeth Oakes Smith_.

“The quantity of ine withdrawn from the boats engaged in the capture
ofthis one whale, amounted altogether fo 10,440 yards or nearly six
English mites.

“Sometimes the whale shakes its remendous tail in the air, which,
cracking tke a whip, resounds to the distance of three of four
miles.” —_Scoresby_,

“Mad with the agonies he endures from these fresh attacks, the
infuriated Sperm Whale rolls over and over, he rears his enormous
‘Read, and with wide expanded jaws snaps at everything around him: he
fushes at the boats with his head: they ate propelled before him with
vast swiftness, and sometimes ulterly destroyed... tis 2 matter of

great astonishment thal the consideration of the habits of so

Interesting, and, in a commercial point of view, so important an

animal (as the Sperm Whale} should have been so entirely neglected,
oF should have excited so litle curiosity among the numerous, and
many ofthem competent observers, thal oftate years, must have
possessed the most abundant and the most convenient opportunities of
witnessing their habitudes.” —_ Thomas Beate’s History athe Sperm
Whale_, 1838

“The Cachalot” {Sperm Whale) “is not only better armed than the True
Whale” (Greenland or Right Whale} “in possessing a formidable weapon
at either extremity ofits body, but also more frequently displays a
disposition to emptoy these weapons offensively and in manner at onos
80 artful, bold, and mischievous, as to lead to its being regarded as

the most dangerous to attack ofall the known species of the whale

tibe” —_Frederick Debelt Bennett's Whaling Voyage Round the Giabe_,
1840.

‘October 13, “There she blows," was sung out from the mast-head.
“Where away?” demanded the captain. “Three points offthe tee bow,
sir "Raise up your wheel. Steady!” “Steady, sit.”"Mast-head

ahoy! Do you see that whale now?" “Ay ay, sir A shoal of Sperm.
Whalest There she blows! There she breaches!” “Sing oul! sing out
