admirably satirical, that after going to schoo! himself he should then
{ge abroad incutcating not what he leamed there, but the folly of it.

His title, schootmaster, would very naturally seem derived from the

name bestowed upon the harem itself, but some have surmised that the
‘man who first thus entitled this sort of Otoman whale, must have read

the memoirs of Vidoog, and informed hinsetf what sost of a
‘epuntry-scheolmaster that famous Frenchman was in his younger days, and
what was the nature of thase occult essons he inculeated into some of

fis pupits.

‘The same secludedness and isolation to which the schoolmaster whale
detakes himsetfin his advancing years. is tue ofall aged Sperm

Whales, Almost universally, a tone whale—as a solitary Leviathan is
cailed—proves an ancient one. Like venerable moss-bearded Danie! Boone,
‘he wil have no one near him but Nature herself; snd her he takes to

wife in the wildemess of waters, and the hest of wives she is, though

she keeps so many moody secrets,

‘The schoots composing none tut young and vigorous males, previously
mentioned, offer a strong contrast to the harem schools. For while

those female whales are characteristcally timid, the young mates, or
‘orty-barrel-buils, as they call them. are by far the most pugnacious

ofall Leviathans, and proverbiaily the most dangerous to encounter;
excepting those wondrous grey-headed, gizzied whales, somatimes mat,
and these will ight you like grim lends exasperated by a penai gout.

‘The Forty-barrel-bull schoofs are targer than ihe harem schools. Like 2
mob of young coltegians, they are full offight, fun, and wickedness,
‘tumbling round the world at such a reckless, ralicking rate, that no
prudent underwriter would insure them any more tan he would a dotous
fad at Yate or Harvard. They soon relinquish this turbulence though,

and when about three-fourths grown, break up, and separately go about
in quest of settiements, thats, harems.

Another point of diference between the male and female schoots is
stil mare characteristic ofthe sexes. Say you stike 2
Forly-barrel-bull—poor devil all his comrades quit him. But stike a
‘member of the harem school, and her companions swim around her with
every token of concern, sometimes fingering so neat her and so tong, as,
themselves to fall a prey.

(CHAPTER 89. Fast-Fish and Loose-Fish.
‘The allusion to the waif and waif-poles in the tast chapter but one,
‘necessitates some account of the taws and regulations of the whale
fishery, of which the waif may be deemed the grand symbol and badge.

Itrequently happens that when several ships are cruising in company,
‘a whale may be stuck by one vessel, then escape, and be finally kited
