gobered, Now, took here, bred'ren, ust ry wonst to be oibil, a
‘helping yourselbs from dat whale, Don'tbe tearin’ de blubber out your
neighbour's mout, | say. Is not one shark dood right as toder to dat
whale? And, by Gor, none on you has de right to dat whale; dat whale
belong to same ane else. ! know some 0° you has berry brig moult,
‘rigger dan oders; but den de brig mouts sometimes has de small
beliies; 50 dat de brigness of de mout is not to swalles wid, but to

bit offde blabber for de smal fy ob sharks, dat can't get into de
scrouge to help demselves.”

“Well done, ald Fleece? cried Stubb, “that's Christianity, goon”

“No use goin’ on; de dam willains will keep 2 scougin’ and slappin’
each oder, Massa Stubb; dey don't hear one word, no use a-preachin' to
such dam g'utions as you cal! 'em, til dare Detlies is full, and dare
bellies is hotiomless; and when dey do get ‘em full dey wont hear you
den; for den dey sink in de sea, go fast to sleep on de coral, and
can'thear noting at all_no more, for eber and eber.”

“Upon my soul, tam about ofthe same opinion; so give the benediction,
Fleece, and fi away to my supper”

Upon this, Fleece, holding both hands over the fishy mob, raised his,
shiif voioe, and cried—

“Cussed fellow-caitterst Kok up de damndest row as over you can: fil
your dam’ betes ‘til dey bust—and den die.”

“Now, coak.” said Stubb, resuming his supper at the capstan; “stand
justwhere you stood before, there, over against me, and psy particular
attention”

“All dention,” said Fleece, again stooping oves upon his tongs in the
desired position.

"Welt," said Stubb, helping himself Feely meanwhile; “shail now go
back to the subject of this steak. In the frst place, how old are you,
00k?"
“What dat do wid de ‘teak said the old black, testy.
“Silence! How ald are you, cook?”

‘Bout ninety, dey say," he gloomily muttered.
“And you have lived in this world hard upon one hundred years, cook,
‘and don't know yet how to cook a whale-steak?” rapidly bolting another

‘mouthful at the fast word, so thal morsel seemed a continuation of the
question. “Where were you born, cook?”
