‘Commodore on the quarter-deck gels his atmosphere at second hand from
the saiors on the forecastie. He thinks he breathes it fist, but not

80, In much the same way do the commonaity lead their leaders in many
other things, at the same time that the feaders litte suspect it. But
wherefore itwas that after having repeatedly smelt the ea as a

‘merchant sailor, t should now take it into my head to go on a whaling
voyage; this the invisible police officer of the Fates, wha has the

constant surveillance of me, and secretly dogs me, and influences me in
some unaccountable way—he can better answer than any one else. And,
doubtioss, my going on this whaling voyage, formed part ofthe grand
programme of Providence that was drawn up a fong time ago. Kream in
as a sort of brief interlude and solo between more extensive
perfosmances. Hake it that this part of the bil must have rua

‘something iike this:

*_Grand Contested Etection for the Presidency of the United States_
“WHALING VOYAGE BY ONE ISHMAEL. “BLOODY BATTLE IN AFFGHANISTAN”

‘Trough | cannot tell why itwas exactly that those stage managers, the
Fates, put me down for this shabby part of a whaling voyage. when
others were set down for magnificent paris in high tragedies, and short
and easy paris in genteel comedies, and jolly parts in farces—though F
cannot tell why this was exactly, yet, now that Esecall all the
sircumstances, I think Hoan see a tite infa the springs and motives

which Deing cunningly presented to me under various disguises, induced
‘me to set about pesforming the part t did, besides cajoling me into the
delusion that twas a choice resulting from my own unbiased freewill

22nd discriminating judgment.

‘Chietamong these motives was the overwhelming idea ofthe great whale
‘imseif. Such a portentous and mysterious monster roused all my
curiosity. Then the wild and distant seas where he solted his island

bulk; the undeliverable, nameless perils ofthe whale; these, with afl

the attending marvels of a thousand Patagonian sights and sounds,
helped to sway me to my wish. With ofher men, perhaps, such things
would not have heen inducements; but as for me, fam tormented with an
‘everlasting ich for things remote. | ove to sail forbidden seas, and

and on barbarous coasis. Not Ignoring what is good, Fam quick to
perceive a horror, and could sil he social with it_would they tet
‘mme—since it is but well to be on friendly terms with ail the inmates of

the place one fodges in.

By reason ofthese things, then, the whaling voyage was welcome: the
great fond-gales ofthe wonder-world swung open, and in the wild
conceits that swayed me to my purpose, two and hwo there Roated into
‘my inmost soul, endiess processions of the whale, and, mtid most of them
ail, one grand hooded phantom, fike a snow hit in the ait

‘CHAPTER 2. The Carpet Bag,
