seamen declared that itwas only on account of his being a part owner
in her. So when they were working that evening at the pumps, there was
‘on this head no small gamesomeness sily going an among them, as they
slood with their feet continually overflowed by the rippting clear

water: clear as any mountain spring, gentlemen—that bubbling from the
‘pumps ran across the deck, and poured itself out in steady spouts at

the fee scupper-holes,

"Now, as you well know, itis not seldom the case in this conventional
world of ours—watery of otherwise; that when @ person placed in command
over his fellow-men finds ane of them to be very significantly his

superior in general pride of manhood, straightway against that man he
conceives an unconquerabie distike and bittermess; and ifhe have a
chance he wil pull down and pulverize that subaitem's tower, and make
aiitie heap of dust ofit Be this conceit of mine as it may,

gentlemen, at ali events Steeikit was a tall and noble animal with a

head like a Raman, and a Rowing golden beard tike the tasseled

housings of your last viceroy's snorting charger, and a brain, and a

heart, and a sou! in him, gentlemen, which had made Steetiait
‘Charlemagne, had he been born son to Charlemagne's father. But Radney,
the mate, was ugly as a mule; yet as hardy, as stubborn, as maticious.

He did not ove Steetkil, and Stesikilt knew i.

“Espying the mate drawing near as he was tolling at the pump with the
sesi, the Lakeman affected not to nofice him, bat unawed, went on with
his gay bantecings,

~Aye, aye, my meny lads, i's 2 tively leak this; hold a cannikin,
one of ye, and let's have a taste. By the Lord, i's worth batting!

tell ye what, men, old Rad's investment must go far ithe had best cut
away his part ofthe Aull and tow ithome. The factis, boys, that
‘swordfish only began the job; he's come back again with a gang of
ship-carpenters, saw-fish, and fle-fish, and what not; and the whole
posse of em are now hard at work cutting and slashing at the bottom:
‘making improvements. | suppose. Ifold Rad were here tow, I'd tell him
to jump overboard and scatter ‘em. They're playing the devil wth his
estate, Foan tell him. Buthe's a simple old soul—Rad, and a beauty
too. Boys, they say the rest of his property is invested in
jooking-glasses. hwonder ifhe'd give a poor devil ike me the mode!
ofhis nese.

“Damn your eyes! what's that pump stopping for?’ mmared Radney.
pretending not to have heard the sailors’ talk. "Thunder away at if

“aye, aye, sit, said Steetkil, merry as a cricket. ‘Lively, boys,
tively. now! And with that the pump clanged like fly fre-engines:
the men tossed their hats offto it and ere long that pecutiar gasping
ofthe lungs was heard which denotes the fullest tension of life's
utmost energies.
