crueible of motten gold, that bubbiingly feaps with fight and heat,

Long maintaining an enchanted silence, Ahab stood apart and every time
the tetering ship foweringly pitched down her bowsprit, he tumed to

‘eye the bright sun's rays produced ahead: and when she profoundly
settled by the slem.he turned behind, and saw the sun's rearward

place, and fiow the same yellow rays were blending with his undeviating
wake.

“Ha, ha, my ship! thou mightest well be taken now for the sea-chariot
ofthe sun, Ho, ho! all ye nations before my prow, !bring the sun to
yel Yoke on the further bitows; hata tandem, Idrive the seal”

But suddenty roined back by some counter thought, he hurried towards
the heim, huskily demanding how the ship was heading

“East-sou-cast, sit” sald the frightened steersman.

“Thou tiesit” smiting him with his clenched fist. “Heading East at this,
‘nour in the morning, and the sun astern”

Upon this every sou! was confounded; for the phenomenon just then
‘observed by Ahab had unaccountably escaped every one else; but its very
blinding palpableness must have been the cause.

‘Theusting his head haif way into the binnacle, Ahab caught one glimpse
ofthe compasses: his uplified arm slowty fel: for a moment he almost
seemed to siagger. Slanding behind him Starbuck iooked, and lol the two.
compasses pointed East, and the Pequod was as infalibly going West

But ere the first wild alarm could get out abroad among the crew, the
old man with a rigid laugh exclaimed, “Fhave iff thas happened

before. Mr. Starbuck, ast night's thunder tumed our compasses—that's
‘all Thou hast before now heard of such a thing, take it”

“aye: but never before has it happened to me, sit, said the pale mate,
gloomy,

Here, it must needs be sald, that accidents tke this have in more than
‘one case occurred to ships in violent stonms. The magnetic energy, as
developed in the mariner's needle, is, as aH know, essentially one
with the electricity beheld in heaven: hence itis not to be much
marvetted al, that such things should be. Instances where the lightning
‘has actually struck the vessel, so as to smite down some of the spare
‘and tigging, the effect upon the needie has at mes been stil more
fala ail its ioadstone virtue being annihiated, so that the before
magnetic steel was of no mare use than an old wife's knitting needle
But in either case, the needle never again, ofitself, recovers the
‘original virlue thus marred of ost, and ifthe binnacte compasses be
affected, the same fate reaches ail the others that may be in the ship;
