slowly, drawn towards the closing vortex. When treached it, ithad
subsided to @ creamy pool. Round and round, then, and ever contacting
towards the buttontike black hubble at the axis of that slowly

wheeling circle, fike another ixion Idid evolve, Til, gaining that

vital centre, the black bubble upward burst, and now, fberaled by

reason of ifs cunning spring, and, owing to its great buoyancy. rising

with great force, the coffin tife-buay shot lengthwise from the sea,

{ell over, and floated by my side, Buoyed up by that coffin, for almost

‘one whole day and night, [foaied on a soft and dirgetike main. The
‘ushasmning sharks, they glided by as if with padiocks on their mouths:

the savage sea-hawks sailed with sheathed beaks, On the second day, a
sail drew near, nearer, and picked me up atlast. twas the
devious-cruising Rachel, that in hes retracing search after her missing
children, onty found another orphan.

End of Project Gutenberg's Moby Dick or The Whale, by Herman Melville

 

+ END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG E800K MOBY DICK: OR THE WHALE “

‘s+ This file should be named 2701-0.ixt or 2704-0 zip ***** This and
all associated files of various formats will be found in:
tipsiwww gulenberg.orgi2/7/0/2701/

Produced by Daniel Lazarus, Jonesey, and David Widger

Updated editions will reptace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

‘Creating the works fram public domain print editions means that ne one
‘owns a United Siates copyright in these works, so the Foundation {and
youl} can copy and distribute itin the United States without

permission and without paying copyright royalties. Special rutes, set
‘orth in the General Terms of Use part of this ficense, apply to

‘copying and distibuting Project Gutenberg-tm etectranic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-m concept and trademark. Project
‘Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may nat be used ifyou charge
{or the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission. ff you do not
‘charge anything for copies of this e8onk, complying with the rules is
very easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpase such as.
creation of derivative works, seports, performances and research. They
‘may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically
ANYTHING with public domain eBooks. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark ticense, especially commercial redistibution
