‘from ignorance. Outward partents and inward presentiments were his, And
ifattimes these things bent the welded iron of his soul, much more

id his far-away domestic memories af his young Cape wife and child
tend to bend him stil more from the original ruggedness of his nature,
‘and open him stil further ta those latent influences which, in some
honesthearted men, restrain the gush of dare-devil daring, so offen
evinced by others in the more peritous vicissitudes of the fishery.“

will have no man in my boat” said Starbuck, “who is not aftaid of a
whale." By this, he seemed to mean, not only that the most reliable and
useful courage was that which arises from the fair estimation of the
‘encountered peril, but that an utterly feartess man is a far more
dangerous comrade than a coward.

“Aye, aye," said Stubb, the second mate, “Btarbuck, these, is as
careful a man as you'l nd anywhere in this fishery.” But we shall

ere tong see what that word “careful” precisely means when used by 2
man tke Stubb, or almost any other whale hunter.

Starbuck was no crusader after perils; in him courage was not a
sentiment; but a thing simply useful to him, and always at hand upon

‘ail mortally practical occasions. Besides, he thought, perhaps, that in
this business of whaling, courage was one of the great staple outfits
ofthe ship, ike her beef and her bread, and not to be foolishly

wasted. Wherefore he had no fancy for lowering for whales after
sun-down; nor for persisting in ighting a fish that too much persisted

in fighting him. For, thought Starbuck, lan here in this cxtical

‘ocean to fal whales for my living, and not o be killed by them for

theirs; and that hundreds of men had been so killed Starbuck well knew.
What doom was his own father's? Where, in the bottomless deeps, could
‘ne find the tom fimbs of his brother?

With memories like these in him, and, moreover, given to a certain
superstitiousness, as has been said; the courage of this Starbuck which
could, nevertheless, stil flourish, must indeed have been extreme. But
twas notin reasonable nature that a man so organized, and with such
tersible experiences and remembrances as he had; itwas not in nature
thal theee things should fail in iatently engendering an efement in

‘him, which, under suitable circumstances, would break out from its
confinement, and burn all his courage up. And brave as he might be, it
was that sort of bravery chiefly, visible in some intrepid men, which,

while generally abiding frm in the confit with seas, or winds, or

whales, of any ofthe ordinary irational horrors of the world, yet

cannot withstand those more temic, because more spiritual terrors,

which sometimes menace you fiom the concentrating brow of an enraged
and mighty man.

‘But were the coming narrative to reveal in any instance, the complete
basement of poor Starbuck's fortitude, scarce might [have the heart
to write it for itis a thing most sorrowful, nay shocking, to expose

the fall of valour in the soul. Men tay seem detestable as joint
