as one wad. Finally, though, as will soon be revealed, its contents
partly comprise the most delicate olf, yet, you are now to be apprised
ofthe nature of the substance which go impregnably invests all that
apparent effeminacy. In some previous place Hhave described to you how:
the blubber wraps the body of the whale, as the tind wraps an osange.
Just so with the head; but with this diffrence: shout the head this
envelope, though not so thiek, is af a boneless toughness, inestimable

by any man who has not handled it. The severest pointed harpoon, the
sharpest ignce darted by the strongest human arm, impotently rebounds.
‘rom it His as though the forehead ofthe Sperm Whale were paved

with horses’ hoofs. Fdo not think that any sensation turks in i

Sethink yourself also of another thing. When twa large, foaded indiamen
chance to erowd and crush towards each other in the docks, what do the
sailors do? They do not suspend between them, at the point of coming
contact, any merely hard substance, like iron oF wood. No, they hold
there a large, round wad of tow and cork, enveloped in the thickest and
toughest of ox-hide. That bravely and uninjured takes the jam which
would have snapped ail their oaken handspikes and iron erow-bars. By
itseif this suffeiently lustrates the obvious fact Fdrive at. But
supplementary to this, thas hypothetically occurred to me, that as
ordinary fh possess what is called a swimming bladder in them,
capable, at will of distension or contraction; and as the Sperm Whale,
as far as ! know, has no such provision in him: considering, too, the
otherwise inexplicable manner in which he now depresses his head
altogether beneath the surface, and anon swims with ithigh elevated
out af the water; considering the unobstructed elasticty of ts

envelope; considering the unique interior of his head: ithas
hypothetically ocourred to me, tsay, thal those mystical lung-celled
honeycombs there may possibly have some hitherto unknown and
unsuspected connexion with the outer air, so as to be susceptible to
atmospheric distension and contraction. ifthis be so, fancy the
iresistibleness of that might, to which the most impaipable and
destructive of all elements contributes,

Now, mark. Unerringty impeting this dead, impregnable, uninjurable
wall, and this most buoyant thing within; there swims behind it all a

‘mass of tremendous life, only to be adequately estimated as piled wood
isby the curd, and all obedient io one vollion, as the smallest

insect. So that when | shall hereafter detail to you all the

speciatiies and concentrations of poteney everywhere lurking in this
‘expansive monster; when t shail show you some of his more
inconsiderable braining feats, trust you will have renounced all

ignorant incredulity, and be ready to abide by this: that though the
Sperm Whate siove a passage through the Isthmus of Darien, and mixed
the Atlantic with the Pacific, you would not etevate one hair of your
‘ye-brow. For uniess you own the whale, you are but a provincial and
sentimentatist in Fruth, But clear Truth is a thing for salamander

ants only to encounter, how smail the chaneas for the provincials
then? What befell the weakling youth lifting the dread goddess's veil
