and immensilies of the universe, and thus stabs us from behind with the
thought of annitation, when behoiding the white depths of the milky
way? Or isi, that as in essence whiteness is not so much a colour as

the visible absence of eolour; and at the same time the conerete of afl
colours; is i for these reasons that there is such @ dumb blankness,

full of meaning. in a wide landscape of snows—a cotourtess, all-colour
ofatheiem from which we shrink? And when we consider that other theory
ofthe natural philosophers, that all other earthly hues—every siately

oF lovely emblazoning—the sweet tinges of sunset skies and woods; yea,
and the gilded veivels of butterflies, and the butterfly cheeks of

‘young girls all hese are but subtle deceits, not actually inherent

in substances, but only laid on from without, so that ail deified

Nature absolutely painis tke the harlot, whose aflurements cover

nothing hut the charnel-house within, and when we proceed further, and
consider that the mystical cosmetic which produces every one of her
‘hues, the great principle of tight, for ever remains white or colorless

in tsetf, and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch att
objects, even tulips and roses, with its own blank tisge—pondering ait
this, the palsied universe fies before us a leper; and like wiffil

travellers in Lapland, who refuse to wear coloured and colouring

lasses upon their eyes, so the wretched infidel gazes himsatf blind at
the monumental white shroud that wraps afl the prospect around him. And
‘ofall these things the Albino whale was the symbol. Wonder ye then at

the fiery hunt?

CHAPTER 43. Hark!
“HIST! Did you hear that noise, Cabaco?”

twas the middle-wateh: a fair moontight, the seamen were standing in
2 cordon, extending from one of the fresh-water butls in the waist, to
the souttle-bustt near the taffrail. In this manner, they passed the
buckets to fl the scuttle-butl. Standing, for he most part, on the
hallowed precincts ofthe quartar-deck, they were careful not to speak
‘orrustie their feet, From hand to hand, the buckets went in the

deepest silence, only broken by the occasional flap ofa sail, and the
steady hum of the unceasingly advancing keel,

twas in the midst ofthis repose, that Archy, one of the cordon,
whose post was near the after-hatches, whispered to his neighbor,
Choto, the words above.

“Hist! did you hear that noise, Cabaco?”

“Take the bucket, will ye, Archy? what noise d'ye mean?”

“There itis again—under the hatches—don't you hear ita eough—it
sounded like a cough”
