+ START: FULL LICENSE ***

‘THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU
DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

‘To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
disbibution of electronic works, by using oF distributing this work:

{or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg’), you agree to comply with ail the terms of the Full Project
‘Gutenbesg-tm License (available with this file or ontine at
htipzigutenberg.orgiicense).

Section 7. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
‘Gulenberg-tm efectranic works

1.8. By reading or using any part ofthis Project Gutenberg-te
electronic work, you indicate that you have sead, understand, agree to
and accept ail the terms of this feense and intellectual property
{teademarhicopyright} agreement. Hf you do not agree to abide by all

fhe terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
ait copies of Project Gutenbesg-tm electronic works in your possession
Ifyou paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
‘Gutenberg-m electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms ofthis agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
‘satity lo whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1 £8,

4.8. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. tt may only be
‘used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who:
agree to be hound by the terms ofthis agreement. There are a few
‘things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a fot of things you can do with Project
‘Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electranic
works. See paragraph 1 £ below.

4.0. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (the
Foundation” or PGLAF}, owns a compilation copyright in the catiection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearty all the individual
‘works in the cotfection are in the public domain in the United States.
Han individual work is in the public domain in the United States and
‘you are focatad in the United States, we do not claim a right to
prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or
creating derivative works based on the work as {ong as all references
to Project Gutenberg are semoved. Of course, we hope thal you wil
support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to
electonic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works ia
compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project
