{ighted bis tomahawk pipe. f sat atthe feet. We Kept the pipe passing
over the sleeper, from one to the other. Meanwhile, upon questioning
‘him in his broken fashion, Queequeg gave me to understand that, in his,
tand, owing to the absence of settees and sofas ofall saris, the king,
chiefs, and great people generally, were in the custom offattening
some ofthe lower orders for oltemans; and to furnish a house
comfortably in that respect, you had only to buy up eight or ten fazy
etlows, and tay them round in the piers and alcoves. Besides, twas
very convenient on an excursion: much better than those garden-chairs
‘which are convertibie inio watking-sticks; upon occasion, a chief
calling his attendant, and desiring him to make a settee ofhimsetf
under a spreading tree, perhaps in some damp marshy place,

‘White narrating these things, every time Queequeg tecelved the tomahawk
from me, he flourished the hatehet-side of t over the sleeper's head,

“What's that for, Queequeg?™
“Perry easy, kll-e; ohf perry easy”

He was going on with some wild reminiscences about his tomahawk-pipe,
which, itsesmed, had in its two uses doth brained his foes and soothed
this soul, when we were directly attracted to the sleeping rigger. The
strong vapor now completely fiting the contracted hole, it began to

tell upon him. He breathed with a sort of muffiedness; then seemed
troubled in the nose: then revolved aver once or twice; then sat up and
subbed his eves.

“Holloar’ he breathed at tast, who be ye smokers?”
“Shipped men,” answered I, when does she sait7”

“Aye. aye, ye are going in her, be ye? She sails to-day. The Captain
came aboard last night”

“What Captain?—Anab?”
“Who but him indeed?”

was going to ask him some further questions conceming Ahab, when we
heard a noise on deck.

“Hottoal Starbuck's asti,” sald the rigger. “He's a lively chief mate,
that, good man, and a pious; but all alive now, Fmust tum to And so
saying fre went on deck, and we followed.

twas now clear sunrise. Soon the crew came an board in twos and
threes; the riggers bestired themselves: the mates were actively
‘engaged; and several of the shore peopie were busy in bringing various
{ast things on board. Meanwhile Capiain Ahab temained invisibly
