‘murmured to himself “Thou sea-mark! thaw high and mighty Pilot! thou
tellest me tly where t_am_—but canst thou cast the feast hint where

| _shall_be? Or canat thou tell where some other thing besides me is
this moment tving? Where is Moby Dick? This instant thou must be
eyeing him. These eyes of mine took into the very eye that is even now
‘beholding him: aye, and into the eye that is even now equally behoiding
the objects on the unknown, thither side of thee, thou sual”

‘Then gazing at his quadrant, and handling, one after the other, its
fumerous cabaiistical contrivances, he pondered again, and muttered:
"Foolish toy! babies’ plaything of haughty Admirals, and Commodores,
and Capiains: the world brags of thee, of thy cunning and might, but
what after all canst thou do, but fel the poor, pitiful point, where

thou thyself happenest to be on this wide planet, and the hand that
holds thee: no! not one jot more! Thou canst nat tell where one drop of
water ar one grain of sind will be to-morrow noon; and yet with thy
impotence thou insullest the sun! Science! Curse thee, thou vain toy:

‘and cursed be all the things that cast man’s eyes aloft io that heaven,
whose live vividness but scorches Rim, as these old eyes are even now
scorched with thy light, © sun! Level by nature to this earth's horzan

are the glances af man’s eyes, nat shot from the crawn of his head, as

if God had meant him to gaze on his firmament. Curse thee, thou
quadrant” dashing Itto the deck, “na fonger will guide my earthly

way by thee: the level ship's compass, and the level dead-reckoning, by
tog and by fine; _these_shall conduct me, snd show me my place an the
sea. Aye,"lighting from the boat to the deck, “thus I trample on thee,

thou paitry thing that feebly pointeston high; thus Fspllt and

destoy theer

As the frantic oid man thus spoke and thus trampled with his tive and
dead feet, a sneering irumph that ssemed meant for Ahab, and a
{alatistic despair thal seemed meant for himselfthese passed over the
‘mute, motionless Parsee’s face. Unebsenved he rose and glided away,
while, awestruck by the aspect of their commander, the seamen clustered
together on the forecaste, til Ahab, roubledly pacing the deck,

shouted out—"To the braces! Up heim!—square int”

In an instant the yards swung round: and as the ship haifwheeled upon
her heel, her three firm-seated graceful masts erectly poised upon her
Jong, ribbed hull, seemed as the three Haratil pirouetting on one
sufficient steed

Standing between the knight heads, Starbuck waiched the Pequod’s
tumultuous way, and Ahab’s also, as he went turching along the deck

“Ihave sat before the dense ooal fire and watched it al! aglow. full
ofits tormented flaming fife; and !have seen it wane al last, down,
down, ta dumbest dust, Old man of oceans! of ail this fiery le of
thine, what will at length remain but one ite heap of ashes!"
