paricide, and containing a description of his person. He reads, and
Jooks from Jonah to the bil; while all his sympathetic shipmates now
‘crowd round Jonah, prepared to lay their hands upon him. Frighted Jonah
trembles, and summoning aif his boldness to his face, only fooks so

much the mare a coward. He will not confess himself suspected: but that
ltseif is strong suspicion. So he makes the best oft, and when the

sailors find him not to be the man that is advertised. they let him

ass, and he descends into the cabin

“Who's there?” cries the Captain at his busy desk, hurriedly making
out his papers for the Customs—Who's there?’ Ohihow that harmiess.
question mangles Jonah For the instant he almost turns to flee again,
Bute rallies. [seek a passage in this ship to Tarshish; how soon

sail ye, sir?" Thus far the busy Captain had not looked up to Jonah,
though the man now stands before him; but no sooner does he hear that
hollow voice, than he daris a scrutinizing glance. "We sail with the

next coming tide,’ at last he slowly answered, si intently eyeing

‘him. "No sooner, sit?’—'Soon enough for any honest man that goes
passenger. Hal Jonah, that’s another stab, Buthe swifly calls away

the Captain from that scent.‘ sail with ye,'—he says.— the passage
‘money how much is that?—Iil pay now.” Foritis particularly written,
shipmates, as ifitwefe a thing not io be overlooked in this history,

that he paid the fare thereof ere the craft did sail. And taken with

the context, this is full of meaning

“Now Jonah's Captain, shipmates, was one whose discemment detects
crime in any, but whose cupidity exposes it only in the penniless. Ia
this world, shipmates, sin that pays is way can travel freely, and
without a passport whereas Virtue, Ifa pauper, is stopped at all
frontiers. So Jonah's Captain prepares to test the length of Jonah's
purse, efe he judge him openty. He charges him thrice the usual sum;
and i's assented to. Then the Captain knows that Jonat is a fugitive:
butat the same time resoives to help a fight that paves its rear with
gold. Yet when Jonah fairy takes out his purse, prudent suspicions
‘bi molest the Capiain. He rings every coin to find a counterfeit

Nota forger, any way, he mutters; and Jonah is put down for his
passage. Point out my state-room, Sir, says Jonah now, Tm
ravel-weary, Ineed sleep.’ ‘Thou lookest like i’ says the Captain,
‘there's thy room’ Jonah enters, and would tock the door, but the fock
contains no key. Hearing him foolishly fumbling there, the Captain
taughs fowly to Aimself, and mutters something about the doors of
convicts’ calls being never alowed to be locked within. Ail dressed
‘and dusty as he is, Jonah throws himself into his berth, and finds the
litle state-room ceiling aimost resting on his forehead. The airis,
close, and Jonah gasps. Then, in thal contracted hole, sunk, too,
beneath the ship's water-ine, Jonah feets the heralding presentiment
of that stifing hour, when the whate shall hold him in the smallest of
his bowels’ wards

“Screwed at its axis against the side, a swinging tamp slightly
