‘The gallant Perseus, a son of Jupiter, was the first whaleman: and to
the etemai honor of our calling be it said, that the frst whale

attacked by our brotherhood was not kiled with any sordid intent,

‘Those were the knightly days of our profession, when we only bore ams
to succor the distressed, and not to fil men’s lamp-feeders, Every one
knows the fine slory of Perseus and Andromeda; how the lovely
Andromeda, the daughter ofa king, was tied to a rock on the sea-coast,
and as Leviathan was in the very act of carrying her off, Perseus, the
prince of whalemen, intrepidly advancing, harpooned the monster, and
Setivered and married the maid, itwas an admirable artistic exploit,
rarely achieved by the best harpooneers ofthe present day; inasmuch as
this Leviathan was slain at the very fist dart. And Jet no man doubt

this Arkite story; for in the ancient Joppa, now Jaffa, an the Syrian

‘coast, in ane of the Pagan temples, there stood for many ages the vast
skeleton of a whale, which the city's fegends and all the inhabitants,
asserted to be the identical bones of the monster that Perseus slew.
‘When the Romans took Jappa, the same skeleton was carried to tlaly in
‘triumph. What seems most singular and suggestively important in this
story, is this: it was from Joppa that Jonah set sail

‘Akin to the adventure of Perseus and Andromeda—indeed, by some supposed
to be indirestly derived from it~is that famous story of St. George and
the Dragon; which dragon {maintain to have been a whale; for in many
old chronicies whales and dragons are strangely jumbled together, and
fen stand for each other. "Thou art as ation ofthe waters, and as 2
dragon ofthe sea,” saith Ezekiel; hereby, plainly meaning a whale, a
‘outh, some versions of the Bible use thal word itseif. Besides, it

‘would much subtract from the glory of the exploit had St George but
‘encountered a crawling reptile ofthe land, instead of doing battle

with the great monster of the deep. Any man may kil a snake, but only
a Perseus, a St George, a Coffin, have the heart in them fo march
boldly up to a whale.

Let not the modern paintings of this scene mislead us; for though the
efeature encountered by thal valiant whaleman of old is vaguely
represented of a grifir-tike shape, and though the battle is depicted

‘on tand and the saint on horseback, yet considering the great ignorance
ofthose times, when the true form of the whale was unknown to artists;
and considering that as In Perseus’ case, St. George's whale might have
crawled up out of the sea on the beach; and considering that the animal
ridden by St. George might have been only a large seal, or sea-horse;
‘bearing ail this in mind, it wil not appear altogether incompatible

with the sacred tegend and the ancientest draughts ofthe scene, to

‘oid this so-called dragon no other than the great Leviathan himself.

In fact, placed before the strict and piercing truth, this whole story

‘will fare tke that fish, flesh, and fowl idol af the Phitistines,

Dagon by name; who being planted before the ark of Israel, his horse's
head and both the paims ofhis hands fe! offfrom him, and onty the
‘stump or fishy part of him remained. Thus, then, one of our own noble
stamp, even a whaleman, is the tulelary guardian of England: and by
