‘Thunder spits the ships, But he only smacks his tips, A tastin’ of
this fip,— Such a funny, sporty, gamy, jesty.oky, hoky-poky tad,
is the Ocean, oht

“Avast Stubb,” cried Starbuck, “let the Typhoon sing, and strike his
‘harp here in our rigging; but ifthou art a brave man thou wilthold
thy peace”

“But am nota brave man; never said twas a brave man; fama coward:
and t sing to Keep up my spirits. And Hel you what itis, Mr.

Starbuck, there's no way to stop my singing in this world but to cut my
throat. And when that's done, ten to one I sing ye the doxology for a
wind-up”

“Madman! {ook through my eyes iTthou hast none of thine own”

“What! how can you see better ofa dark night than anybody else, never
‘mind how foolish?”

“Herel cried Starbuck, seizing Stubb by the shoulder, and pointing his
‘hand towards the weather bow, “markest thou not that the gale comes
from the eastward, the very course Ahab is to run for Moby Dick? the
very course he swung to this day noon? now mark his boat there; where
is that stove? in the stern-sheets, man; where he is wont fo stand—his,
stand-pointis stove, man! Now jump overboard, and sing away, ifthou
must

“tdoo’t haif understand ye: what's in the wind?”

“Yes, yes, round the Cape of Good Hope is the shortest way to
Nantucket,” soilloquized Starbuck suddenly, heediess of Stubb's
question. “The gale that now hammers at us to stave us, we can tum it
{nto a fair wind that will drive us towards home. Yonder, to windward,

ail is blackness of doom; but to feeward, homeward! see ittightens up
there; but not with the fightning.”

Atthat moment in ane of the intervats of profound darkness, folowing
the flashes, a voice was heard at his side; and almost at the same
instant a volley of thunder peats rolled overhead.

“Who's there?”
“Old Thunder” said Ahab, groping his way along the bulwark to his
pivot hole: but suddenty finding his path made plain to him by elbowed

lances offre.

Now, as the tightning rod to a spire on shore is intended to cary off
the perilous fluid inio the soit, so the kindred rod which at sea some
