be, to keep quiet, and tet me get up and light the lamp again. But tis
‘uitural responses satisied me at once that he but ii comprehended my
meaning

“Who-e debe! you?"he at last said—you no speate, daw-me, Hille
And so saying the lighted tomahawk began flourishing about me in the
‘dark

“Landlord, for God's sake, Peter Coffin shouted [. Landlord! Watch!
Coffist Angeist save mer”

“Speak-et tell_ee me who-se be, or dam-me, Hille!” again gromed the
cannibal, while his horrid Rourishings of the tomahawk scattered the
hot tobacco ashes sbout me til thought my finen would get on fre.

‘But thank heaven, at that mament the landlord came into the room light
Jn hand, and leaping from the bed Fan up to him,

“Don'tbe afraid now, said he, grinning again, “Queequeg here wouldn't
harm a hair of your head”

“Stop your grinning.” shouted |, “and why didn't you tell me that that
infemal haspooneer was a cannibal?”

“Hhought ye know'd itdidn't Ill ye, he was a peddlin' heads
around town?—but turn flukes again and go to sleep. Queequeg, Jook
here—you sabbee me, | sabbee—you this man sleepe you—you sabbee™™

“Me sabbee plentygrunted Queequeg, pufing away at his pipe and
siting up in bed,

“You gettee in,” he added, motioning to me with his tomahawk, and
throwing the clothes to one side. He really did this in not only a

civil but a really kind and charitable way. Isiood joaking at him a
‘moment. For all his tatfooings he was on the whole a clean, comely
ooking cannibal, What's al this fuss Ihave been making about,
thought to myself—the man's a human being lust as !am: he has just
as much reason to fear me, as [have to be afraid of him, Better sleep
with a sober cannibal than a drunken Christian.

“Landlord,” said |, “tell him to stash his tomahawk there, of pipe, or
whatever you calli; tell him to stop smoking, in short, and Hitt

‘urn in with hien. Bul don't fancy fraving a man smoking in bed with
me. ffs dangerous. Besides, |ain'tinsured”

‘This being told to Queequea, he at once complied, and again politely
motioned me to get into bed—rotling over to one side as much as to
‘say—"T won't touch a leg of ye.”

“Good night, landlord,” sald |, "you may go”
