Zealanders, and Danes; from whom they derived many terms stil extant
in the fishery; and what is yet more, their fat old fashions, touching
plenty to eat and drink For, az a general thing, the English
‘merchant-ship serimps her crew, but not so the English whaler. Henos,
in the English, this thing of whating good cheer is nat normal and
natural, but incidental and particular, and, therefore, must hhave some
speciat oFigin, which is here pointed out, and will be stil further
elucidated.

During my researches in the Leviathanic histories, t stumbled upon an
ancient Dutch volume, which, by the musty whaling smell ofit, knew
‘mustbe about whalers. The tile was, “Dan Caapman,” wherefore |
‘concluded that this must be the invaluable memoirs of some Amsterdam,
‘cooper in the fishery, as every whale ship must carry its cooper. twas
seinforoed in this opinion by seeing that itwas the production of one

“Fitz Swackhammer.” But my friend Dr. Snodhead, a very teamed man,
professor of Low Dutch and High German in the college of Santa Claus
and St. Potts, to whom handed the work for translation, giving him a

box of spesm candies for his trouble—this same Dr. Snodhiead, so soon as
he spied the book, assured me that ‘Dan Coopman” did not mean “The
Cooper,” but "The Merchant” in shor, this ancient and tearned Low

Dutch book treated of the commerce af Holland; and, among other
subjects, contained a very interesting account of its whate fishery.

And in this chapter itwas, headed, “Smeer,” or “Fat. that Hound 2

tong detailed list af the outfits for the larders and cettars of 180

‘sail of Dutch whatemen: from which list, as translated by Dr. Snodhead,
Hransoribe the following:

400,000 tbs. of beef, 60,000 tbs. Friestand pork. 150,000 tbs. of stock
‘ish, 550,000 ibs. of biscuit. 72,000 lbs. of soft bread. 2,809 frkins

of butter. 20,000 Ibs. Texel & Leyden cheese. 144,000 tbs. cheese
{probably an inferior articie). 550 ankers of Geneva, 10,800 barrels of
beer.

Most statistical tables are parchingly dry in the reading: not so ia
the present case, however, where the reader is fooded with whole
pipes, barrels, quarts, and gills of good gin and goad cheer.

Atthe time, {devoted three days to the studious digesting of al this
‘beer, beet, and bread, during which many profound thoughts were
incidentally suggested to me, capable of a transcendental and Platonic
application; and, furthermore, t compiled supplementary tables of my
‘own, touching the probable quanily of stock-fish, etc., consumed by
every Low Ditch harpooneer in that ancient Greenland and Spitzbergen
‘whale fishery. inthe fist place, the amount of butter, and Texel and
Leyden cheese consumed, seems amazing. timpute it, though, to their
naturally unctuous natures, being tendered stil! mote unctuous by the
nature of their vocation, and especially by their pursuing their game

in those ffigid Potar Seas, on the very coasts of that Esquimaux

country where the convivial natives pledge each other in bumpers of
