such nervous whiffs, asif ike the dying whale, my final jets were
the strongest and fullest of trouble. What business frave with this,
pipe? This thing that is meant for sereneness, to send up mild white
vapors among mild white hairs, not among tom iron-grey tacks like
mine, Fi smoke no more—

 

He tossed the stil lighted pipe into the sea. The fire hissed in the
‘waves; the same insiant the ship shot by the bubbie the sinking pipe
‘made, With slouched hat, Ahab (urchingly paced the planks.

CHAPTER 31, Queen Mab,
Next moming Stubb accosted Flask.

“such a queer dream, King-Post, Inever had. You know the old man’s,
ivory eg, well I dreamed he kicked me with it and when titled to

kick back, upon my sout, my ite man, Hicked my teg tight of And
then, presiof Ahab seemed a pyramid, and |, ike a blazing fool, kept
kicking at it. But what was stl more curious, Flask—you know how
curious all dreams are—through ai this rage that twas in, | somehow
seemed to be thinking to myseif, that afer al, twas not much of an
insult that kick from Ahab. "Why, thinks |, what's the row? it's not

a seal leg, only a false feg." And there's a mighty difference between

a tiving thump and s dead thump. That's what makes a blow from the
hand, Flask, ity fimes more savage to bear than a blow from a cane.
‘The living member—ihat makes the living insult, my lite man, And
thinks {to myself all the while, mind, while twas slubbing my sity

toes against that cursed pyramid—so confoundedly contradictory was it
all, allthe while, I say, Ewas thinking to myself, what's his leq

now, but a cane—a whalebone cane. Yes,’ thinks |, Ttwas only a
playful cudgelting—in fact, only a whaleboning that he gave me—not a
base kick. Besides,’ thinks |, look at it once; why, the end afit—the

foot part—what a small sort of end itis; whereas, 1a broad footed
farmer kicked me, _there's_a devilish broad insult. But this insults
‘whittied down to a point only.’ But now comes the greatest joke of the
dream, Flask. While Iwas battering away at the pyranid, a sort of
badger-haired old merman, with a hump on his back, takes me by the
shoulders, and slews me round. ‘What are you ‘bout? says he. Siig!
‘man, but twas fightened. Such a phiz! But, somehow, next moment Iwas:
over the fright. ‘What am | about?’ says Fat last. ‘And what business

is that of yours, | should fike to know, Mr, Humpback? Do _you_wanta
ick?’ By the tord, Flask, trad no sooner said thal, than he fumed
sound his stem to me, bent over, and dragging up 2 lol of seaweed he
had for a clout—what do you think, } saw?—why thunder alive, man, his
stern was stuck full of marfinspikes, with the points out. Says |, on
second thoughts, 'hguess I wan't kick you, old fellow.’ Wise Stubb,
said he, ‘wise Stubb; and kept muttering it al the time, a sort of

ating of his own gums ke a chimney hag. Seeing he wasn’t going to
stop saying over his ‘wise Stubb, wise Stuhb,' thought I might as

 
