Sir?—Clay? olay, sir? That's mud: we leave clay to ditchers, sir
‘The fellow’s impious! What art thou sneezing about?
Bone is rather dusty, ir

‘Take the hint, then; and when thou art dead, never bury thyself under
living peopie’s noses.

‘Sir?_oht att guess so;—yes—oh, deart

Look ye, carpenter, I dare say thou catlestthyseif.a right good
workmanlike workman, eh? Well, then, will it speak thoroughly well for
thy work, if when come to mount this eg thou makest, I shall
nevertheless fee! another teg in the same identical piace with i: that
{s, carpenter, my ald lost ieg; the flesh and blood one, !mean. Canst
thou not drive that ald Adam away?

‘Truly, si, begin to understand somewhat now. Yes, thave heard
someting curious on that score, sir; how that a dismasted man never
entirely toses the feeting of his old spar, but it wil be stil

pricking him at times. May Fhumbly ask iit be really 60, sir?

itis, man. Look, put thy tive fog here in the place where mine once
was; 50, now, here Is only one distin! feg to the eye, yet two to the:
soul. Where thou feetest fngling life; there, exactly there, there to
ahair, do | is'ta riddle?

[should humbly call ita poser, sit.

Hist, then. How dost thou know that some entire, tiving, thinking thing
may not be invisibly and uninterpenetratingly standing precisely where
thou now standest; aye, and standing there in thy spite? in thy most
solitary hours, then, dost thou not fear eavesdroppers? Hold, dan't
speak! And if stil feel the smart of my crushed leg, though itbe

‘ow so Jong dissolved; then, why mayst not thou, carpenter, feel the
fiery pains of hell for ever, and without a body? Hah!

‘Good Lord! Truly, sit, iTit comes to that, I must calculate over
again: Fthink Fdida't carry a small figure, sir.

Look ye, pudding-heads should never grant premises How long before the
tegis done?

Peshaps an hour, sit
‘Bungle away atitthen, and bring it to me (_turns to go_}. Oh, Life!

Here tam, proud as Greek god, and yet standing debtor to this
blockhead for a bone to stand on! Cursed be that mortal
