‘rain al

‘The quantity of beer, too, is very targe, 10,800 barrets. Now, as those:
polar fisheries could only be prosecuted in the short summer of that
alimate, sa that the whole cruise of one of these Dutch whalemen,
inoluding the short voyage to and from the Spitzbergen sea, did not
much exceed three months, say, and reckoning 30 men to each of their
fleet of 180 sail, we have 5,400 Low Dutch seamen in all: therefore, |
say, we have precisely two barrels of beer per man, for a twelve weeks!
ailowanes, exclusive of his fair proportion of that 550 ankers of gin,

Now, whether these gin and beer harpooneers, so fuddied as one might
fancy them to have been, were the right sost of men to stand up in a
boat's head, and take good aim at fying whales; this would seem
somewhat improbable. Yet they did aim al them, and hit them too. But
‘this was very far North, be it remembered, where beer agrees well with
‘he constitution: upon the Equator, in our southem fishery, beer would
be aptto make the harpooneer sleepy at the masthead and boozy in his
‘boat; and grievous loss might ensue to Nantucket and New Bedford.

But no more; enough has been said to show that the old Dutch whalers of
two or three centuries ago were high livers; and that the English

whalers have not neglected so excellent an example, For, say they, when
ruising in an empty ship, ifyou can get nothing better out of the

world, get a good dinner out oft, at least, And this empties the

decanter,

CHAPTER 102. A Bower in the Arsacides.

Hitherto, in descriptively treating of the Sperm Whale, thave chiefly
dwvett upon the marvels of his outer aspect, oF separately and in detail
‘upon some few interior structural features. But to a large and therough
sweeping comprehension of him, it behooves me now to unbution fim sti
further, and untagging the points of his hose. unbuckiing his garters,

and casting foose the hooks and the eyes of the joints of Nis innermost
‘bones, set him before you in his ultimatum; that is to say, in his,
unconditional skeleton.

But how now, Ishmael? How isit, that you, a mere oarsman in the
fishery, pretend to know aught about the subterranean parts of the
‘whale? Did erudite Stabb, mounted upon your capstan, deliver tectures
on the anatomy of the Cetacea, and by help of the windlass, hold up a
specimen sib for exhibition? Explain thyself, Ishmael, Can you tand 3
full-grown whale on your deck for examination, as a cook dishes a
roast-pig? Surety no A veritable witness have you hitherto been,
Ishmael, but have a care how you seize the privilege of Jonah alone:
the privilege of discoursing upon the joists and beams; the rafters,
‘idge-pole, sleepers, and under-pinnings, making up the frame-work of
eviathan: and belike of the tallow-vats, dairy-rooms, butteries, and
cheeseries in his bowels.
