happily ithad escaped entirely uninjured.”

Now, the Captain D'Waif here atluded to as commanding the ship in
question, is a New Englander, who, after a tong ife of unusual

adventures as a sea-captain, this day resides in the village of

Dorchester near Boston. fhave the honor of being a nephew of his. |

‘have particularly questioned him concerning this passage in Langsdorf.
He substantiates every word. The ship, however, was by no means 3 latge
‘one: a Russian craft builton the Siberian coast, and purchased by my
uncle after bartering away the vessel in which he salted from home.

In that up and down maniy book of old-fashioned adventure, so ful
too, of hanest wonders—the voyage of Lionel Wafer, one of ancient
Dampier's old chums— found a litte matter set down so lke that just
‘quoted fram Langsdorf, that teannot forbear inserting it here for 2
corroborative example, iTsuch be needed.

Lionel, it seems, was on his way to “John Ferdinando,” as he calls the
modem Juan Femandes. “in our way thither,” he says, “about four
o'clock in the marning, when we were about one hundred and fity
teagues from the Main of America, our ship felt a terrible shook, which
put our men in such consternation that they could hardly tell where

they wese or what to think; but every one began to prepare for death,

And, indeed, the shook was sa sudden and violent, that we took it for
granted the ship had struck against a rack; but when the amazement was
alltle over, we cast the lead, and sounded, but found no ground. **

+ ©The suddenness of the shock made the guns teap in their

carriages, and several ofthe men were shaken out of their hammocks.
Captain Davis, who tay with his head on a gun, was thrown out of his
‘cabin Lionel then goes on to impute the shock to an earthquake, and
seems to substantiate the imputation by stating that a reat

earthquake, somewhere about that time, did actually do great mischiet
along the Spanish land. But should not much wonder if, in the

darkness of that early hour of the morning, the shook was after atl

caused by an unseen whale vertically bumping the hull from beneath

Haight proceed with several more examples, one way or another known to
‘me, ofthe great power and malice at times of the sperm whale. In more
than one instance, he has been known, not only to chase the assailing
‘boats back to their ships, but io pursue the ship itself, and fong
withstand afl the tances huried at him from its decks, The English shin
Pusie Hail can tela story on that head, and, as for his strength, fet

‘me say, thal there have been examptes where the fines attached to a
running sperm whale have, in a calm, been transferred to the ship, and
‘secured there; the whale towing her great hull through the water, as 2
horse walks off with a carl. Again, itis very oflen observed that,

the sperm whale, once struck, is allowed time to rally, he then acts,

not so often with blind rage, as with will, deliberate designs of
destruction to his pursuers; nor is it without conveying some eloquent
indication of his character, that upon being attacked he wit
