0 allusion was made to it, especially by the mates. But once
‘Tashtego’s senior, an old Gay-Head Indian among the crew,
superstiiously asserted that not til he was ful forty years old did

Ahab become that way branded, and then it came upon him, natin the
fury of any mortal ray, but in an elemental strife at sea. Yet, this

wild hint seemed inferentially negatived, by what a grey Manxman
insinuated, an old sepuichral man, who, having never before sailed out
of Nantucket, had never ere this iaid eye upon wild Ahab. Nevertheless,
the old sea-traditions, the immemorial creduilties, popularly invested
this old Manxman with preternatural powers of discemment. So that no
white sailor sesiously contradicted him when he said that ifever
Captain Ahab should be tranquilly faid out—which might hardly come to
ass, so he muttered—then, whoever should do that last office for the
dead, would find a birth-mark on hes from crown to sole.

So powerfully did the whole grim aspect of Ahab affect me, and the
fivid brand which streaked it, that for the first ew moments thardly

noted that not a lite ofthis overbearing grimness was owing to the
barbaric white teg upon which he partly stood. Ithhad previously come
to me that this ivory feg had at sea been fashioned from the polished
‘bone of the spesm whale's jaw. “Aye, he was dismasied off Japan,” said
the old Gay-Head indian once, “bul ike his dismasted craft, he shipped
another mast without coming home fori, He has a quiver of ‘ern.

 

Fwas struck with the singular posture he maintained. Upon each side of
the Pequod’s quarter deck, and pretty close to the mizzen shrouds,
there was an auger hole, bored about haifan Inch oF 50, into the
plank. His bone eg steadied in that hole; one arm elevated, and
holding by a shroud; Captain Ahab stood erect, looking straight out
‘beyond the ship's ever-pitching prow. There was an infinity of frmest
‘orttude, a determinate, unsurrenderable wifiness, in the fixed and
fearless, forward dedication of that glance. Not a word he spoke; nor
did his officers say aught to-himy, though by all theit minutest

gestures and expressions, they plainly showed the uneasy, ifnot
painful, consciousness of being under a troubled master-eye. And not
only that, but moody stricken Ahab stood before them with a crucifixion
Im his face; in af the nameless regal overbearing dignity of some
mighty woe.

Ere tong, from his ist visit in the air, he withdrew into his cabin.
But after that moming, he was every day visible to the crew, either
standing in his pivot hote, or seated upon an ivory stool he had: or
heavily walking the deck. As the sky grew fess gloomy indeed, began to
grow a lite genial, he became stil less and less a reciuse: as if,

when the ship had saifed from home, nothing but the dead wintry
bleakness of the sea had then kept him so secluded. And, by and by, it
‘came to pass, that he was amost continually in the air, but, a yet,

{or all that he said, or perceptibly did, on the at last sunny deck, he
seemed as unnecessary there as another mast. But the Pequod was only
‘making a passage now; not regulary cruising; nearly all whaling
