“Tsay, pull tke god-dam,—eriad the Indian.

Fiercely, but eventy incited by the taunts of the German, the Pequod’s
three boats now began ranging almost abreast; and, so disposed,
‘momentarily neared him. In that fine, touse, chivalrous attitude of the
‘peadsman when drawing near to his prey, the three mates stood up
proudly, occasionally backing the after oareman with an exhilarating
‘ery of, "There she slides, now! Hurrah for the white-ash breeze! Down
with the Yarmant Sail over Rira”

But s0 decided an original start had Derick had, that spite of all
their gallantry, he would have proved the victor In this race, had not

‘a tighteous judgment descended upon him in a orab which caught the
blade of hie midship oarsman, While this clumsy jabber was striving to
{free his white-ash, and while, in consequence, Derick’s boat was nigh

to capsizing, and he thundering away at his men in a mighty rage;—that
‘was 2 good time for Starbuck, Stubb, and Flask. With a shout, they took
‘a morial start forwards, and slantingly ranged up on the German's
‘quarter. An instant more, and all four bats were diaganically in the
whale’s immediate wake, while stretching from them, on both sides, was.
the foaming swell that he made.

was a terif, most pitiabte, and maddening sight. The whale was
now going head out, and sending his spout before hiorin a continual
tormented jet, while tis one poor fin beat his side in an agony of

‘Fight. Now to this hand, now ta that, he yawed in his faltering

‘Night, and stil at every billow that he broke, he spasmodically sank

In the sea, of sideways rolled towards the sky his one beating fin. So
have |scen a bird with clipped wing making affrighted broken circies
in the air, vainly striving to escape the piratical hawks. But the bird

hag a voice, and with plaintive cries will make known her fear; but the
feat of this vast dumb brute afthe sea, was chained up and enchanted
in him; he had ne voiee, save that choking respiration through his
spiracie, and this made the sight of him unspeakably pitlabte; while
til, in fis amazing butk, pariculis jaw, and omnipotent tail, there

was enough to appal the sioulest man who so pitied.

Seeing now that but a very few moments more would give the Pequod's
oats the advantage, and rather than be thus folled of his game, Derick
chase to hazard what to him must have seemed a most unusually long
dati, ee the last chance would for ever escape.

But no sooner did his harpooneer stand up for the stroke, than alt
thee tigers—Queequen, Tashtego, Daagoo—instinctively sprang to their
‘eet, and standing in a diagonat row, simultaneously pointed their

barbs; and darted over the head afthe German harpooneer, their three
Nantucket irons entered the whale. Blinding vapors of foam and
white-fre! The three boats, in the frst fury of the whale's headiong

sush, bumped the German's aside with such force, that both Derick and
