whale wounded (as we afterwards leamed}in this part, but not
efectually, as it seemed, had broken away from the boat, camying
along with him haifof the harpoon ine; and in the extraordinary agony
ofthe wound, he was now dashing among the revolving circles tke the
fone mounted desperado Amold, at the battle of Saratoga, canying
dismay wherever he went

But agonizing as was the wound ofthis whale, and an appatting
spectacle enough, any way. yet the peculiar horror with which he seemed
to inspire the rest ofthe herd, was owing to a cause which at frst

the intervening distance obscured from us, But at length we perceived
that by one ofthe unimaginable accidents of the fishery, this whale

had become entangied in the harpoon-tine that he towed; he had also run
‘away with the cutting-spade in him, and while the ree end ofthe rope
attached to that weapon, had permanently caught in the colls ofthe
‘haspoontine found his tail, the cutting-spade itself had worked loose
‘rom his flesh. So that tormented to madness, he was now chuming
through the water, vioientiy falting with his Rexible tall, and

tossing the keen spade about him, wounding and murdering his own
comrades.

‘This temic object seemed to recall the whole herd from their
stationary fright. First, the whales forming the margin of our lake

began to crowd a litle, and tumble against each other, as flied by

naif spent billows from afar, then the take itself began faintly to

heave and swell, the submarine bridal-chambers and nurseries vanished
in more and more contracting orbits the whates In the more central
circles began to swim in thickening clusters. Yes, the fong calm was
departing. A tow advancing humm was soon heard: and then like to the
tumultuous masses of black-ice when the great river Hudson breaks up in|
Spring, the entire host of whales came tumbling upon their inner

centre, as ifto pile themselves up in one common mountain. Instantly
Starbuck and Queequeg changed places, Starbuck taking the stem.

 

“Oars! Oarsf” he intensely whispered, seizing the hetm—‘gripe your
vars, and clutch your souls, now! My God, men, stand by! Shove him off,
you Queequeg—the whale there!—prick hrimi—hit him! Stand up—stand up,
‘and stay sol Spring, men—pull, men; never mind their backs—scrape
them—scrape away

‘The boat was now ail but jammed between two vast black bulks, feaving @
narrow Dardanelies between their ‘ong lengths. Bul by desperate
‘endeavor we at last shot Inio a temporary opening; then giving way
rapidly, and at the same time earnestly watching for another outlet

Afier many similar hair-breadth escapes, we at last swifty glided into
‘what had just been one of the outer circles, but now crossed by random
whales, all viotently making for one centre. This iucky salvation was
cheaply purchased by the loss of Queequeg's hal, who, while standing in
the bows to prick the fugitive whales, had his hat taken clean from his
head by the air eddy made by the sudden tossing of pair of broad
