to tarboard—tarboard gangway to starboard! Midshipst midships”

‘These was a fow rumbling of heavy sea-boots among the benches, and a
sli slighter shuffing of women's shoes, and all was quiet again, and
‘every eye on the preacher.

He paused a little; then kneating in the pulpit's bows, folded his
age brown hands scross his chest, uptified his closed eyes, and
offered a prayer so deeply devout that he seemed kneeting and praying
atthe bottom of the sea,

‘This ended, in protonged solemn tones, like the continual tolting of
bell in a ship that is foundering at sea in a fog—in such tones he
‘commenced reading the following hynin; bul changing his manner towards
the concluding stanzas, burst forth with a peating exuftation and joy—

“The sibs and terrors in the whale, Arched over me a dismal gloom,
White all God's sun-tit waves rolled by, And ti me deepening down
to doom.

“tsaw the opening maw of hell, With endless pains and sorrows there:
Which none but they thal feet can tell Oh, Fwas plunging to
despair.

“mn biack distress, called my God, When I could scarce believe him
mine, He bowed his ear fo my compiaints— No more the whate did me
confine.

“with speed he few to my teller, As on a radiant dolphin bome,
Avtul, yet bright, as ightning shone The face of my Deliverer God.

“My song for ever shail record That terrible, that joyful hour, t
give the glory to my God, His aif the mercy and the power”

Neatly ail joined in singing this hymn, which swetled high above the
‘howling of the storm. A brief pause ensued: the preacher siowly tumed
over the leaves ofthe Bible, and at fast, folding his hand down upon

the proper page, said: “Beloved shipmates, ofnch the last verse ofthe
first chapter of Jonah—'And God had prepared 2 great fish to swaltow up
Jonah."

“shipmates, this book, containing only four chapters—four yarns—is one
‘ofthe smatiest strands in the mighty cable of the Scriptures. Yet what
depths ofthe soul does Jonatr's deep sealine sound! what a pregnant
esson to usis this prophet! What a noble thing is that canticie in|

the fish's hetly! How billow-fike and boisterously grand! We feel the
