precisely—who knows? Cerlain | am, however, that a king's head is
solemnly oiled at his coronation, even as a head of salad, Can ithe,
though, that they anointt with a view of making its interior run

well, as they anoint machinery? Much might be ruminated here,

conceming the essential dignity of this regal process, because in

common fife we esteem bul meanly and contemplibly a fellow who anoinis
‘his hair, and palpably smells of that anointing, In truth, a mature man

who uses hair-of, untess medicinally, that man has probably got a

quogay spot in him somewhere. As a general tule, he can't amount to
‘much in his totality.

But the only thing to be considered here, is this—what kind of oll is
‘used at coronation? Certainly it cannot be olive oil, nor macassar
‘il, nor castor olf, nor bear's off, nor train oll, nor cod-tiver ai

What then can it possibly be, but sperm olf in its unmanufactured
‘unpolluted state, the sweetest of al os?

Trink ofthat, ye foyal Batons! we whatemen supply your kings and
queens with coronation stuffl

CHAPTER 26. Knights and Squires.

‘The chietmate of the Pequod was Starbuck, a native of Nantucket, and a
Quakes by descent. He was a fong, earnest man, and though bom on an
{cy coast, seemed well adapted to endure hot latitudes, his flesh being
hard as twios-baked biscuit, Transported to the Indies, his live blood
‘would not spol ike bottied ale. He must have been bom in some time
of general drought and famine, ot upon one of those fast days for which
his state is famous. Only some thirty arid summers had he seen: those
summers had dried up aif his physical superfuousness. But this, Ris
thinness, sa to speak, seemed no more the token of wasting anxieties
and cares, than it seemed the indication of any bodily blight. twas
‘merely the condensation ofthe man, He was by no means llfooking:
quite the contrary. His pure tight skin was an excellent fit and

closely wrapped up in it, and embalmed with inner heaith and strength,
like a revivitied Egyptian, this Starbuck seamed prepared to endure for
Jong ages to come, and to endure always, as now; for be it Polar snow
‘or tossid oun, ike a patent chronometer, his interior vitality was
warranted to do well in ail climates. Looking inio his eyes, you seemed
to see there the yet lingering images of thase thousand-foid perils he
had caimly confronted through life. A staid, steadfast man, whose tife

for the most part was a telling pantomime of action, and nota tame
chapter of sounds. Yet, for all his hardy sobriety and fortitude, there
were certain qualities in him which at times affected, and in some
cases seemed well nigh to overbaiance all the rest, Uncommonly
‘conscientious for a seaman, and endued with a deep natural reverence,
the wild watery loneliness of his ife did therefore strongly incline

‘nim fo superstition; but fo that sort of superstition, which in same
‘organizations seems rather to spring, somehow, fiom intetligence than
