cringing attitudes, the God-fugitve is now too plainly known. The
sailors mark him; more and more certain grow their suspicions of him,

‘and at last, fully o test the tuth, by referring the whote matter to

igh Heaven, they fal to casting tots, to see for whose cause this

great tempest was upon them. The fot is Jonah's; that discovered, thea

‘how furiously they mob him with theic questions. ‘What is thine

‘occupation? Whence comest thou? Thy county? What people? But mark now,
my shipmaies, the behavior of poor Jonah. The eager mariners but ask

nim who he is, and where from, whereas, they not only receive an answer

to those questions, but fkewise another answer to a question net put

by them, but the unsolicited answer is forced from Jonah by the hard

‘and of God that is upon him.

“1am a Hebrew,’ he ories—and then—' fear the Lord the God of Heaven
who hath made the sea and the dry land Fear him, O Jona? Aye, well
‘mightest thou fear the Lord God _then!_ Straightway, he now goes an to
make a full confession; whereupon the mariners became more and more
appatied, but stil are pitiful. For when Jonah, not yet supplicating

‘God for mercy, since he but foo well knew the darkness of his
deseris—when wretched Jonah cries out a them to take him and cast him
{orth into the sea, for he knew that for _his_sake this great tempest

was upon them, they mercifully tum from him, and seek by other means.

to save the ship. But ail in vain; the indignant gale hawls touder.

then, with one hand raised invokinaly to God, with the other they not
unreluctantly lay hold of Jonah,

“And now behold Jonah taken up as an anchor and dropped inte the sea:
when instantly an oily calmness floats out from the east, and the sea

is sti, as Jonah carries down the gale with him, leaving smooth water
‘behind, He goes down in the whiding heart of such a masteriess
‘commotion that he scarce heeds the moment when he drops seething into
the yawning jaws awaiting him; and the whale shoots-to all his ivory

teeth, like s0 many white Dolts, upon his prison. Then Jonah prayed

unto the Lord out of the fish’s belly. But observe his prayer, and

tear a weighty lesson, For sinful as he is, Jonah does not weep and

wall for direct deliverance. He feels that his dreadful punishment is

Just. He feaves all his deliverance to God, contenting himseit with

this, that spite ofall his pains and pangs, he will stil took towards

His holy temple. And here, shipmates, is tue and faithful repentance:

not slamarous for pardon, but grateful for punishment, And how pleasing
to God was this conduct in Jonah, is shown in the eventuat deliverance
ofhim from the sea and the whale. Shipmates, tdo not place Jonah
before yau to be copied for his sin but Ido place him before you asa
‘model for repentance. Sin not, but tyou do, take heed to repent of it

{ike Jonah”

‘While he was speaking these words, the howling of the shrieking,
slanting storm without seemed to add new power to the preacher, who,

when describing Jonah's sea-storm, seemed tossed by a storm himself,
His deep chest heaved as with a ground-swell, his tossed arms seemed
