‘Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easity comply with
the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format

with its attached full Project Gutenberg-im License when you share it
without charge with others.

4.0. The copyright tews of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most counties are

‘in a constant state of change. Ifyou are outside the United States,
check the tavs of your country in addition to the terms ofthis

agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing
distibuting oF creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gulanberg-im work. The Foundation makes no
representations conceming the copyright status of any work in any.
‘country outside the United States,

4.E. Unless you have removed ail references to Project Gutenberg:

LES. The fotlowing sentence, with active tinks to, or other
immediate acoess to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm wark (any work
‘on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is aseociated} is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distibuted:

‘This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost
no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
2800k or online at www gulenberg.org

4.E.2. Han individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic workis,
derived from the public domain (does nat contain a notice indicating
that itis pasted with permission ofthe copyright holder), the work.

can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without
paying any fees or charges. iTyou are redistributing or providing

‘2ocess to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or
appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of
paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.6.7 or ablain permission for the use ofthe
work and the Project Gulenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs
TER Ort ES.

4.£.3, Han individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distibution
‘must comply with both paragraphs t-E.4 through 1.£7 and any additions!
terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms will be linked

to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for al! works posted with the
permission ofthe copyright folder found at the beginning of this work.

4.£.4, Do not unlink ar detach or remove the full Project Gulenberg-im
License terms from this work, or any fies containing a part of this
work of any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-im.
