‘even were the lowermost one inserted into the kelson,

Detiberatety standing before the binnacle, and eyeing the transpointed
compasses, the old man, with the sharp of his exiended hand. now took
the precise bearing of the sun, and salisfied that the needies were

exacily inverted, shouted out his arders for the ship's course to be
changed accordingly. The yards were hard tp: and once more the Pequod
thrust her undaunted bows into the opposing wind, for the supposed fair
‘one had only been juggling her.

Meanwhile, whatever were his own secret thoughts, Starbuck said
nothing, but quietly he issued all requisite orders; while Stubb and
Flask—who in some small degree seemed then to be sharing his

feelings —tikewise unmutmuringly acquiesced. As for the men, though some
ofthem lowly rumbled, their fear of Ahab was greater than thei fear

of Fate. But as ever before, the pagan hampoonears remained almost,

wholly unimpressed; or if mpressed, itwas only with a certain

‘magnetism shot into their congenial hearts from inflexible Ahab's.

For a space the old man watked the dack in roling reveries. But
chancing to stip with his ivory heel, he saw the crushed copper
sighttubes of the quadrant he had the day before dashed to the deck.

“Tou poor, proud heaven-gazer and sun's pilot! yesterday wrecked
thee, and to-day the compasses would fain have wrecked me. So, so. But
Ahab is Jord over the level foadstone yet. Mr. Starbuck—a lance without
a pole; a top-maul, and the smallest of the sall-maker's needies,

‘Quiok™

Accessory, perhaps, to the impulse dictating the thing fre was now about
to do, were certain prudential motives, whose object might have been to
‘revive the spirits of his crew by a stroke of his subiile ski, ma

‘matter 80 wondrous as that ofthe inverted campasses. Besides, the old
‘man well knew that o steer by transpointed needies, though clumsily
practicable, was not a thing to be passed over by superstitious

sailors, without some shudderings and evil portents,

“Men,” said he, steadity turing upon the crew, as the mate handed him
the things he had demanded, “my men, the thunder tured old Ahab’s
needles; but out of this bit of ste! Ahab can make one ofhis own,

that will point as tue as any

Abashed glances of servile wonder were exchanged by the sailors, as
this was said; and with fascinated eyes they awaited whatever magic
‘might follow. But Starbuck fooked away.

With a blow from the top-maul Ahab knocked off the stee! head ofthe
tance, and then handing to the mate the fong iron rod remaining, bade
‘him hold it upright, without its touching the deck. Then, with the
‘maui, after repeatedty smiting the upper end of this iron rod, he
