the hearty gilef in his concluding exclamation, but said as catmaly as +
could, What you say is no doubt true enough, sir; but how could Fknow
there was any peculiar ferocity in that particular whale, though indeed
might have inferred as much from the simple fact ofthe accident”

“Look ye now, young man, thy tungs are a sort of sof d'ye see; thou
dost not taik shark a bit._Sure_, ye've been ta sea before now, sure
ofthat

“Sir” said [, “thought told you that had been four voyages in
the merchant—

“Hard down out of that! Mind what [said about the marchant
sefvice—don't aggravate me—! won't have it, But let us undersiand each
other. Hhave given thee a hint about what whaling is; do ye yet fee!
inoined for it?"

“do, sin>

Very good. Now, art thou the man to pitch a harpoon down a five
whale’s throat, and then Jump after it? Answer, quick?”

“Lam, sis ifit should be positively indispensable to do so; not to
tbe got fd of, that fs; which [don't take to be the fact”

“Good again. Now then, thou not only wantest io ga a-whaling, to find
out by experience what whaling is, but ye iso want fo gg in order to

see the world? Was not that what ye said? f thought so. Wetl then, just
step forward there, and take a peep over the weather-bow, and then back
to me and tell me what ye see there"

For a moment tsiood a titte puzzled by this curious request, not
knowing exactly how to take it, whether humorously or in earnest. But
‘concentrating ail his crow's feet info one scowl, Captain Peleg started
me on the errand,

‘Going forward and glancing over the weather bow, Fperceived tha the
ship swinging to fer anchor with the flood-tide, was now obfiquely
‘painting towards the open ocean. The prospect was untimited, but
exceedingly monotonous and forbidding, not the slightest variety that t
sould see.

“Welt, what's the report?” sald Peleg when tcame back; “what did ye

“Not much,” Hreplied—“nothing but water, considerable horizon though,
and there's a squall coming up, Hthink”

“Weil, what does thou think then of seeing the world? Do ye wish to go
tound Cape Horn to see any more oft, eh? Can'tye see the world where
