‘material, in their hours of ocean leisure. Some of them have title
boxes of dentistical-looking implements, specially intended for the
skrimshandering business. But, In general, they toil wth their
jack-knives alone; and, with that almast omnipotent tool of the sailor,
they will turn you out anything you please. in the way of a mariner's
fancy,

Long exile from Christendom and civilization inevitably restores a man
to that condition in which God placed him, _ie._whatis called
savagery. Your true whale-hunter is as mush a Savage as an kroquois. |
‘myself am a savage, owning no allegiance but to the King ofthe
‘Cannibals; and ready at any moment to rebel against him.

Now, ane of the pecutiar characteristics of the savage in his domestic
hours, is his wonderful patience ofindustry. An ancient Hawatian
war-club of spear-paddle, in its full muttipticity and elaboration of
carving, is as great a trophy of human perseverance as a Latin fexicon.
For, with but a bit of broken sea-shell ora shark's tooth, that

miraculous intricacy of wooden net-work has been achieved: and ithas.
cost steady years of steady apptication

As with the Hawalian savage, so with the while sailor-savage. With the
same marvellous patience, and with the same single shark's tooth, of
‘his one poor jackcknife, te will carve you a bit of bone sculpture, not
guile as workmanlike, but as close packed in iis maziness of design, a8
the Greek savage, Achilies's shield; and full of barharic spirit and
suggestiveness, as the prints of thal fine old Dutch savage, Albert
Durer.

Wooden whales, or whales cut in profile out of the small dark slabs of
the noble South Sea war-wood, are frequently met with in the
foreeasies of American whalers, Some ofthem are done with much
accuracy.

At some old gable-roofed country houses you will see brass whales hung
by the taf for knockers to the road-side door. When the porter is

sleepy, the anvil-headed whale would be best. But these knocking whales
are seldom remaskable as faithful essays. On the spires of some
old-fashioned churches you will see sheet-iron whales placed there for
weather-cacks; but they are so elevated, and besides that are to ail
intents and purposes eo labelled with “Hands off_" you cannot examine
them closely snough to decide upon their merit

In bony, bby regions ofthe earth, where at the base ofhigh broken
life masses of rock tie strewn in fantastic groupings upon the plain,
‘you will often discover images as of the petified forms of the
Leviathan party merged in grass, which of a windy day breaks against
them in a surfof green surges.

‘Then, again, in mountainous countries where the tavetleris
