“My boy,’ said the landiord, “you'l have the nightmare to a dead
sartainty”

“Landlord,” Lwhispered, “that aint the harpooneer is if?"

*Oh, no.” said he, tooking a sort of diabatically funny, “the
‘harpooneer is @ dark complexioned chap. He never eats dumplings, he
don'the eats nothing but steaks, and he likes 'em rare”

“The devit he does.” says |." Where is that harpooneer? Is he here?”
“He'll be here afore tong,” was the answer.

+ eoutd not help it, but Lbegan to feet suspicious af this “dark
complexioned” harpooneer. At any fale, made up my atin that itso
tured out that we should sleep together, he must undress and get into
bed belore Idi.

Supper ever, the company went back ta the bar-room, when, knowing not
what else to do with myself, lyesolved to spend the rest of the
evening as a looker on

Presently a dating noise was heard without. Starting up, the fandiord
cried, “That's the Grampus's crew. I seed her reported in the offing
this morning, a three years’ voyage, and a full ship. Hurrah, boys; now
we'll have the latest news from the Feegees”

A tramping of sea boots was heard in the entry; the doar was fun
‘pen, and in rolled a wid set af mariners enough. Enveloped in thelr
shaggy waich coats, and with their heads mufled in woollen comforters,
ail bedarned and ragged, and their beards stiff with icicles, they

‘seemed an eruption of bears from Labrador. They had just landed from
their boat, and this was the first house they entered. No wonder, then,

that they made a straight wake for the whale's mouth—the bar—when the
wrinkled litle old Jonah, there officiating, soon poured them out
‘brimmers aif round. One complained of a bad cold in his head, upon
which Jonah mixed him a pitch-like potion of gin and molasses, which he
swore was a sovereign cure for all colds and catarrhs whaisoover, never
mind of how tong standing, or whether caught off the coast of Labrador,
‘or on the weather side ofan ive-isiand

‘The fiquor soon mounted into their heads, as it generally does even
with the asrantest topers newly tanded from sea, and they began
capering about most obsteperousty.

observed, however, that ane of them held somewhat aloof, and though
he seemed desirous not to spoit the hitarity of his shipmates by his

‘own sober face, yet upon the whale he refrained from making as much
nose as the rest. This man interested me at noe; and sine the
