while some natural enjayments here shall have no children bom to ther
{or the other word, but, on the contrary, shall be followed by the
Joy-childlessness ofall hei's despair, whereas, some guilly mortal
miseries shal stil fertiely beget to themselves an eternally
progressive progeny of griefs beyond the grave; not at ail fo hint of
this, there stil seems an inequality in the deeper analysis ofthe

thing. For, thought Ahab, while even the highest earthty feticities

ever have a certain unsignifying pettiness lurking in them, but, at
Dotiom, all heartwoes, a mystic significance, and, in some men, an
archangetic grandeur, so do their diligent tacings-out not betie the
obvious deduction. To tral the genealogies of these high mortal
‘miseries, carries us af last among the sourceless primogenitures of the
‘gods; so that, in the face of ail the glad, hay-making suns, and soft
‘aymbalting, found harvest moons, we must needs give into this: that
the gods themselves are nol for ever glad. The ineffaceable, sad
birth-mark in the brow of man, is but the stamp of sorrow in the

signers,

Unwittingty here a secret has been divulged, which perhaps might more
property, in set way, have been disclosed before, With many other
particulars conceming Ahab, always had it remained a mystery to some,
‘why itwas, that for a ceriain period, both before and after the

sailing ofthe Pequod, he had hidden himself away with such
‘Grand-Lama-tike exclusiveness: and, for that one intarval, sought
speechiess refuge, as it were, among the marble senate ofthe dead.
‘Captain Peleg's bruited reason for this thing appeared by no means
adequate; though, indeed, as touching all Ahab's deeper part, every
‘revelation partook more of significant darkness than of explanatory

light. But, io the end, it all came out, this one matter did, at least

‘That direhil mishap was at the bottom af his temporary recluseness. And
ot only this, but o that ever-contracting, dropping circle ashore,

who, for any reason, possessed the privilege ofa fess banned approach
to him to that timid circe the above hinted casualty—remaining, as it
did, moodity unaccounted for by Ahab—invested iiseif with terrors, not
entirely underived from the land of spints and of waits. So that,

through thets zeal for him, they had ail conspired, so far asin them

Jay, to muffe up the knowledge ofthis thing from others; and hence it
was, that not til a considerable interval had elapsed, did it

‘rangpire upon the Pequod's decks.

But be al this as it may; let the unseen, ambiguous synod in the air,
or the vindictive princes and potentates offre, have to do or not
with earthly Ahab, yet, in this present mattes of his teg, he took
plain practical procedures; —he called the carpenter.

And when that functionary appeared before him, he bade him without
delay set about making a new jeg, and directed the mates to see him
supptied with all the studs and joists ofjawivory (Sperm Whale} which
fad thus far been accumulated on the voyage, in order that a careful
selection of the stoutest, clearest-grained stuff might be secured.
