‘and Ahab still stood like an anvil, receiving every shook, but without
the least quivering of his own

“twill not go," said the stranger, “il you say _aye_to me. Do to me
‘as you would have me do to you in the fke case. For _you_too have a

boy. Captain Ahab—though but a child, and nesting safely at home now—a
child of your old age too—Ves, yes, you relent, see it_run, run, men,

now, and stand by to square in the yards”

“Avast” cried Akab—“touch not a rope-yam"; then in a voioe that
prolongingly moulded every word—"Captain Gardiner, twill not do it
Even now Hose time. Good-bye, good-bye. God bless ye, man, and may !
forgive myself, but | must ga. Mr. Starbuck, fook at the binnacie

watch, and in three miqutes from this present instant warn off atl
strangers: then brave forward again, and fet the ship sail as before

Huriedly turning, with averted face, he descended into his cabin,
eaving the strange captain transfixed al this unconditional and utter
‘ejection of his eo earnest suit. But starting from his enchantment,
‘Gardiner silently hurried to the side; more felt than stepped into his
oat, and retumed to his ship.

Soon the two ships diverged theit wakes; and long as the strange vessel
was in view, she was seen to yaw hither and thither at every dark spot,
however small, on the sea. This way and that her yards were swung
ound; starboard and larboard, she continued to tack, now she beat
against a head sea, and again it pushed her before i, while all the
while, her masts and yards were thickly clustered with men, as three

{all cherry tees, when the boys are chemtying among the boughs.

[But by her stil halting eourse and winding, woeful way, you plainly
saw that this ship that so wept with spray, stil remained without
‘comfort. She was Rachel, weeping for her children, because they were
nat.

‘CHAPTER 129, The Cabin,
{_Ahab moving to go on deck; Pip caiches him by the hand to fotlow._}

“Lad, tad, Hell thee thou must nat follow Ahab now. The houris:
‘coming when Ahab would not scare thee from him, yet would not have thee
by him. There is that in thee, poor fad, which F feel too curing to my

‘malady. Like cures like; and for this hunt, my malady becomes my most
desired health, Do thou abide betow here, where they shall serve thee,

as ifthou wert the captain. Aye, iad, thou shalt sit here in my own

screwed chais, another screw to i, hou must be”

*No, no, nol ye have not a whole body, si; do ye but use poor me for
‘your one lostieg: only tread upon me, sir; task ne more, so Fremain
