ofthe night, which obscured the spars and rigging aiof the two—ship
and whale, seemed yoked together like colossal bullocks, whereof one
reclines while the other remains standing.”

*A litle tem may as well be related here. The strongest and most
teligble hold which the ship has upon the whale when moored alongside,
is by the Rakes or tail; and as from its greater density that pat is
‘relatively heavier than any other (excepting the side-fins}, its

fexibiliy even in death, causes it to sink low beneath the surface

0 that with the hand you cannot get at it from the boat, in order to

ut the chain round it. But this diffcuty is Ingeniously overcome: a

smal, song line is prepared with a wooden float at iis outer end,

‘and a weight nits middle, white the other end is secured to the ship.

‘By adroit management the wooden float is made to rise on the other side
ofthe mass, 50 that now having girdled the whale, the chain is readily
‘made to follow suit; and being sipped along the body. is atiast

locked fast mound the smaflest part of the tail, al the point of

junction with ils broad flukes or fobes.

Iteoody Ahab was now all quiescence, at least so far as could be known
‘on deck, Stubb, his second mate, flushed with conquest, betrayed an
‘unusual but sill good-natured excitement. Such an unwonted bustle was,
‘he In that the staid Starbuck, his official superior, quielly resigned

to him for the time the sole management of affairs. One small, helping
‘cause of ail this liveliness in Stub, was soon made strangely

manifest. Stub was a high fiver; he was somewhat intemperately fond of
the whale as a Ravorish thing to his palate.

“A steak, a steak, ere | sleep! You, Daggoo! overboard you go, and cut
me one from his small”

Here be it known, that though these wild fishermen do not, as a general
thing, and according to the great military maxim, make the enemy defray
the cument expenses ofthe war (at least before realizing the proceeds,
ofthe voyage), yet now and then you find some of these Nantucketers
who have a genuine relish for that particular part of the Sperm Whale
designated by Stabb; comprising the tapering extremity ofthe body.

About midnight that steak was cut and cooked: and lighted by two
lanterns of sperm off, Stubb stoutly stood up to his spermaceli supper

at the capsian-head, as that capstan were a sideboard. Nor was Stubb
the onty banqueter on whale's Rash that night. Mingling their

:mumbiings with his own mastications, thousands on thousands of sharks,
‘swarming round the dead leviathan, smackingly feasted on its fatness.
“The few sizepers below in their bunks were often startied by the sharp
slapping of their tails against the hull within a few inches of the

sleepers’ hearts, Peering over the side you could just see them (as
before you heard them) waliowing in the sullen, black waters, and
taring over on their backs as they scooped out huge globular pieces of
the whale ofthe bigness of a human head. This particular feat ofthe
