“Heated and ircitated as he was by his spasmodic toll at the pumps, for
ail his frst nameless feeling of forbearance the sweating Steeikilt

‘could but il brook this bearing in the mate; but somehow stil
smothering the conflagration within him, without speaking he remained
doggedly rooted to his seat, til at last the incensed Radney shook the
‘hamimer within a few inches of his face, furiously commanding fim to do
nis bidaling

“Steeikit ose, and slowly retreating round the windlass, steadily
followed by the mate with his menacing hammer, deliberately repeated
his intention not to obey. Seeing, however, that his forbearance had
not the siightest effect, by an awful and unspeakable intimation with
his twisted hand he warmed off the foolish and infatuated man; but it
‘was to no purpose. And in this way the two went onos siomiy sound the
windlass; when, resolved at fast no fonger to retreat, bethinking him
that he had now forbome as much as comported with his humor, the
‘Lakeman paused on the hatches and thus spoke to the officer:

“'Mr. Radney, bwil not obey you. Take that hammer away, oF took to
yourself’ But the predestinated mate coming stil closer to him, where

the Lakeman stood fixed, now shook the heavy hammer within an inch of
his teeth, meanwhile repeating a string af insufferable matedictions.
Retreating not the thousandth part of an inch, stabbing hievia the eye
with the unfinching poniard of bis glance, Steet, clenching his

right hand behind him and creepinaly drawing it back, told his
pessecutor that ifthe hammer but grazed his cheek he (Sleetiit} would
‘murder him. But, gentlemen, the fool had been branded for the slaughler
by the gods. Immediately the hammer touched the cheek: the next instant
the tower jaw ofthe male was stove in his head; he fell on the hatch
spouting blood tike a whale,

“Ere the cry could go aft Steetkilt was shaking one of the hackstays
tending far aloft to where two of his comrades were standing their
mastheads. They were both Canailers.

~Canatterst cried Don Pedro. ‘We have seen many whale-ships in our
harbours, but never heard of your Canaiters. Pardon: who and what are
they?’

~Canallers, Don, are the bosimen belonging to our grand Exie Canal.
‘You must have heard of i

Nay, Senor; hereabouts in this dull, warm, most lazy, and hereditary
tard, we know but litte of your vigorous North.

“Aye? Well then, Don, refi! my cup. Your chicha’s very fine, and ere
proceeding further Iwill tell ye what our Canalters are; for such
{information may throw side-light upon my story.
