30 NANTUCKET SAILOR, Spell oht—whew! this is worse than pulling after
whales in a caim—give us a whiff, Tash

(They cease dancing, and gather in clusters. Meantime the sky
darkens—the wind rises_.)

LASCAR SAILOR. By Brahma! boys, itl be douse sail soon, The sky-bom,
‘igh-tide Ganges tured to wind! Thou showest thy black brow, Seeval

MALTESE SAILOR. {_Rectining and shaking his cap_} it's the waves—the
snow's caps turn to jig itnow. They'l shat their tasseis soon. Now

would all the waves were women, then 'd go drown. and chasse with
them evermore! There's naught so sweet on earth—heaven may not match
‘tlas those swift glances of warm, wild bosoms in the dance, when the
over-arhoring arms hide such ripe, bursting grapes.

SICILIAN SAILOR. (_Reclining_} Tell me not of it Hark ye, fad—fest
intertacings of the fimbs—iithe swayings—coyings—futterings! fp!
‘east! hip ati graze: unceasing touch and go! nat taste, observe ye,
‘else come satiety. Eh, Pagan? (_Nudging_}

‘TAHITAN SAILOR. (_Reclining on a mat_} Hail, holy nakedness ofour
dancing girls!—the Heeva-Heeval Ah! low veiled, high palmed Tahiti
iil rest me on thy mat, but the soft soll has siid! | saw thee woven

In the wood, my mat! green the first day ! brought ye thence; now worn
‘and wilted quite. Ah mel—nat thou nar tean bear the change! How then,
iso be transplanted to yon sky? Hear tthe roaring streams fram
Pirahites’s peak of spears, when they leap down the crags and drown the
villages? —The biastt the blast! Up. spine, and meetit!(_Leaps to his
feet_}

PORTUGUESE SAILOR. How the sea rolls swashing ‘gainst the side! Stand
by for reefing, hearties! the winds are just emassing swords, patl-mell
‘they'll go tunging presently.

DANISH SAILOR. Crack, crack, old shipt so long as thou erackest, thou
oldest! Well done! The mate there holds ye to it stifly. He's no more
afraid than the isle fort al Cattegal, put there to fight he Baltic

with stom-ashed guns, on which the sea-salt cakes!

4TH NANTUCKET SAILOR. He has his orders, mind ye that. theard old Ahab
tel! him he must always kil a squall, something as they burst a
waterspout with a pistol—fire your ship right into it

ENGLISH SAILOR. Blood! but that old man’s a grand old cove! We are the
fads to hunt hint up bis whalet

ALL. Ayer ayer

‘OLD MANX SAILOR. How the three pines shake! Pines are the hardest sort
