the ship by the perilous seas that burstingly broke over its bows,
stood in a tine along the bulwarks in the waist: and the better to

‘quard against the leaping waves, each man had sipped himselfinto a

sort of bowline secured to the rail, in which he swung as in a loosened

bell. Few or no words wete spoken; and the silent ship, as ifmanned by
painted sailors in wax, day after day tore on through all the swift

madness and gladness ofthe demoniac waves. By night the same muteness
of humanity before the shrieks of the ocean prevailed; stil in silence

the men swung in the bowlines; sti! wordiess Ahab stood up to the

blast. Even when wearied nature seemed demanding repose he would not
seek that repose in his hammock. Never could Starbuck forgat the old
‘man’s aspect, when one night going down into the cabin to mark how the
barometer stood, he saw him with closed ayes sitting straight in his
oor-sorewed chair; the rain and hait- melted sleet ofthe storm from,

‘which he had some time before emerged, stil slowly dripping from the
‘unfemoved hat and coat. On the table heside him lay unrolled one of
those charts of ides and currents which have previously been spoken

of His lantern swung from his tightly clenched hand. Though the body

was erect, the head was thrown back co that the closed eyes were

pointed towards the needle ofthe tell-tale that swung from a beam in

the ceiling.”

“The cabin-compass is called the telltale, because without going to
the compass at the heim, the Captain, while below, can inform himselt
ofthe course of the ship.

Terrible old man! thought Starbuck with a shudder, sleeping In this:
‘gale, stil thou steadtasty eyest thy purpose.

CHAPTER 52. The Albatross,

South-castward from the Cape, off the distant Crozetts, a good cruising
‘around for Right Whalemen, a sail loomed ahead, the Goney (Albatross)
by name. As she slowly drew nigh, from my tofly perch at the
fore-masthead, [had a good view of that sight so remarkable to a tyro

in the far ocean fisheries—a whaler at sea, and long absent from home,

As ifthe waves had been fullers, this oraftwas bleached like the
skeleton ofa stranded walrus, All down her sides, this spectral
‘appearance was traced with iong channets of reddened rust, while all
her spars and her rigging were like the thick branches of trees furred
over with hoar-fast. Only her lower sails were set. A wild sightit

was to see her long-bearded look-outs at those three mastheads. They
seemed clad in the skins of beasts, so torn and bepatched the raiment
that had survived nearly four years of cruising. Standing in iron hoops
nailed to the mast, hey swayed and swung over a fathomless sea; and
though, when the ship slowly glided close under our stem, we six men
in the air came so nigh fo each other that we might almost have leaped
from the mast-heads of one ship to those of the other, yet, those
