stil nearer, 2 crowd of her men were seen standing round her huge
tty-pols, which, covered with the parchment-iike _poke_or stomach skin
ofthe black fish, gave ferth a toud roar to every stoke ofthe

clenched hands of the crew. On the quarter-deck, the mates and
harpooneers were dancing with the ative-hued girs who had eloped with
them from the Polynesian isles; while suspended in an ornamented bost,
firmly secured aloft between the foremast and mainmast, three Long
Island negroes, with giliering fiddle-bows of whale ivory, were

presiding over the hilarious jig. Meanwhile, others ofthe ship's

‘company were tumultuously busy at the masonry of the try-works, from,
which the huge pots had been removed, You would have simost thought
they ware putting down the cursed Bastile, such wild eries they

‘raised, as the now useless brick and mortar were being hurled into the

Lard and master over al this scene, the captain stood erect on the
ship's elevated quarter-deck, so that the whole rejoicing drama was
{ull before him, and seemed merely contrived for his own individual
diversion.

And Ahab, he too was standing on his quatterdeck, shaggy and biack,
‘with a stubborn gloom and as the two ships crossed each other's
wakes—one ail jubilations for things passed, the other all forebodings
228 to things to come—their two captains in themselves impersonated the
whole striking contrast ofthe scene.

“Come aboard, come aboard!” cried the gay Bachelor's cammander, iting
glass and a bottle in the air.

“Hast seen the White Whale” gritied Ahab in reply.

“No; only heard of him, but don't believe in him at all” said the
other good-humoredty. “Come aboard

“Thou art too damned jolly. Sail on. Hastiost any men?”

“Not enough to speak of two islanders, that’s all;but come aboard, old
earty, come along. Mi soon take that black from your brow. Come
along, will ye {merry's the play} a full ship and homeward-bound.”

"How wondrous familiar is 2 foo!" muttered Ahab: then aloud, “Thou art
‘a full ship and homeward bound, thou sayst, well, hen, call me an

‘emply ship, and outward-bound. So go thy ways, and Iwill mine. Forward
there! Set al sail, and keep her to the wind”

And thus, while the one ship went cheerily before the breeze, the other
stubbornty fought against it, and so the two vessels parted; the crew
ofthe Pequod looking with grave, tingering glances towards the
receding Bachelor: but the Bachelor's men never heeding their gaze for
the tively revelry they were in, And as Ahab, teaning over the
