“Excuse me for running after you, Don Sebastian; but may Fatso beg
that you wil be particular in procuring the largest sized Evangelists,
you can.

“This is the priest, he brings you the Evangelists, said Don
Sebastian, gravely, retuming with a tall and soleman figure.

Let me remove my hat, Now, venerable priest, further inte the light,
and had the Holy Book before me that I may touch i.

~'80 help me Heaven, and on my honor the story Fhave told ye,
gentlemen, is in subsiance and its great items, true. Fknow Itto be
‘rue; ithappened on this bali; Hrod the ship, knew the crew: |
‘have seen and taiked with Sleetkitt since the death of Radney.”

CHAPTER 55, Of the Monstrous Pictures of Whales,

| shail ere tong paint fo you as well as one can without canvas,
something fike the true form af the whale as he actually appears to the
eye ofthe whaleman when in his own absolute body the whale is moored
alongside the whale-ship so that he can be fairy stepped upon there,
may be worth while, therefore, previously to advert to those curious
imaginary portraits of him which even down to the present day
confidently chattenge the faith of the landsman. Iis fore to set the

world rightin this matter, by proving such pictures ofthe whale all

wrong,

may be that the primal source of all those pictorial delusions wil
‘be found among the oldest Hindoo, Egyptian, and Grecian sculptures. For
ever sinos those inventive but unscrupulous times when on the marble
panatiings of temples, the pedestals of statues, and on shields,
‘medalions, cups, and coins, the dolphin was drawn in scales of
chain-armor ike Saladin's, and a helmeted head ike St. George's: ever
sines then has something of the same sort of ficense prevailed, not

‘only in mast popular pictures of the whale, butin many scientific
presentations of him.

Now, by aif odds, the most ancient extant portrait anyways purporting

to be the whale’s, is to be found in the famous cavern-pagoda of
Efephania, in India. The Brahmins mainiain that in the almost endless
sculptures of that immemorial pagoda, ail the trades and pursults,

every cancelvable avocation of man, were prefigured ages before any of
them actually came inta being. No wonder then, that in some sort our
noble profession of whaling should have been there shadowed forth. The
Hindoo whate referred to, occurs in a separate department of the wall
<depieting the incarnation of Vishnu in the form of leviathan, learnedly
known as the Maise Avatar. But though this sculpture is hatf man and
