“Why, he's getting it by heart—hist! again”
“Hook, you look, he looks: we look, ye Joo, they 1ook”
“Weil, that's funny”

“And I, you, and he; and we, ye, and they, are ail bats; and Fara
crow, especially when t stand a'tap of this pine tree here. Caw! caw!
‘caw! caw! caw! caw! Ain't La crow? And where's the scare-craw? There
‘he stands; two bones stuck into a pair of old trowsers, and two more
poked into the sleeves of an old jacket”

“Wonder ithe means me?—vomptimentary!poor ladt_t could go hang
myself. Any way, for the present, Fil quit Pip’s vicinity. fean stand

the rest, for they have plain wits; but he’s too crazy-mitty for my

sanity. $0, 50, Heave him mutiering”

“Here's the ship's navel, this daubloon here, and they are all on fre
to unscrew it. But, unscrew your navel, and what's the consequence?
‘Then again, ifit stays here, that is ual, too, for when aught's

naifed to the masti’s a sign that things graw desperate. Ha, hal old
Ahab! the White Whale; he'll nail ye! This is a pine tree. My father,

‘in old Totland county, cut down a pine tree once, and found a silver
sing grown aver In it; some old darkey's wedding ring. Haw did it get
there? And so they'll say In the resurrection, when they come to fish
up this old mast, and find a doubioon todged in it, with bedded oysters
for the shagay bark. Oh, the gotal the precious, precious, gold! the
green miser hoard ye soon! Hish! hish! God goes ‘mong the worlds
blackberrying, Cook! ho, cook! and cook ust Jenny! hey, hey, hey, hey,
‘hey, Jenny, Jenny! and get your hoe-cake done!”

CHAPTER 100. Leg and Arm,
‘The Pequod, of Nantucket, Meets the Samuel Enderby, of London,
“Ship, ahoy! Hast seen the White Whale”

So ofied Ahab, once more hailing a ship showing English colours,
bearing down under the stern. Trumpet to mouth, the ofd man was.
standing in his hoisted quarter-boat, his ivory leg plainty revealed to

the stranger captain, who was caretesaly rectining in his own boat's
bow. He was a dartly-tanned, burly, good-natured, fine-looking man, of
sixly of thereabouts, dressed in a spacious roundabout, that hung round
‘him in fesioons of biue pitot-cioth; and one empty arm of this jacket
steamed behind him lke the broidered arm of a hussar's surooat,

*Hast seen the White Whale?”
