gazed aff to mark if any strange face were visibte; for my first vague
disquietude touching the unknown captain, now in the seclusion ofthe
sea, became almost a perturbation. This was strangely heightened at
times by the ragged Elijah’s diabolical ineoherenoes uninvitedly
recurring to me, with a subtle energy f could not have before conceived
of But poorly could Fwithstand them, much as in othes moods twas
almost ready to stile at the solemn whimsicaiities of that outlandish
prophet of the wharves, But whatever it was of apprehensiveness or
uneasinees—to call it so—which Heit, yet whenever Feame to took
about me in the ship, it seemed against all warrantry to cherish such
emotions. For though the harpooneers, with the great body of the crew,
were a far more barbaric, heathenish, and motley set than any ofthe
tame merchant-ship companies which my previous experiences had made me
‘acquainted with, stil | ascribed this—and rightly asoribed it—to the
fieroe uniqueness of the very nature of that wild Scandinavian vocation
in which rhad so abandonedly embarked. But it was especially the
aspect of the three chief officers of the ship, the mates, which was

‘most forcibly catculated to allay these colourless misgivings. and

induce confidence and cheesfulness in every presentment of the voyage.
‘Three better, more likely sea-officers and amen, each in his own

different way, could nol readily be found, and they were every one of
them Americans, a Nantucketer, a Vineyarder, a Cape man, Now, itbeing
‘Christmas when the ship shot from out her harbor, fora space we had
biting Potar weather, though all the time running away frore itto the
southward; and by every degree and minute of iattude which we sailed,
gradually leaving that merciless wintes, and a its intolerable

weather behind us. ttwas one of those less towering, but stil grey

2nd gloomy enough momings ofthe transition, when with a fair wind the
ship was rushing through the water with a vindictive sort of leaping

‘and melancholy rapidity, that as I mounted to the deck at the call of

{he forenoon watch, so soon as Hevelled my glance towards the

taffrai, foreboding shivers ran over me. Reaiily outran apprehension;
Captain Ahab stood upon his quarter-deck,

‘There seemed no sign of commen bodily Hines about him, nor of the
recovery from any, He looked like a man cut away from the stake, when
the fire has everrunningly wasted all the tims without consuming them,
or taking away one particle from their compacied aged rebusiness. His
whole high, broad form, seemed made of satid bronze, and shaped in an
unalterable mould, fike Cetlin''s cast Perseus, Threading its way out
from among his grey hairs, and continuing right down one side of his
tawny scorehed face and neck, til t disappeared in his clothing, you

saw a slender rod-like mark, fvidly whieh. resembled that
perpendicular seam sometimes made in the straight, lofty funk of a
great free, when the upper lightning tearinaly daris down it, and

without wrenching a single twig, peels and grooves out the bark from

top to bottom, ere running offinto the soll, feaving the tree stil

greeniy ative, but branded. Whether that mark was born with him, oF
whether itwas the sear left by some desperate wound, no one could
cerlainly say. By some: tacit consent, throughout the voyage tite or
