‘explanation—that this great monster, to whom corporeal warmth is a8
indispensable as itis to man: how wonderful that he should be found at
home, immersed to fis lips for iife in those Arctic waters! where, when
seamen fall overboard, they are sometimes found, months afterwards,
pespendicularty frozen into the hearts offields ofice, as a fy is,

found piued in amber. But more surprising is itto know, as has been
proved by experiment, that the blood of a Polar whale is warmer than
that ofa Bomeo negra in summer.

does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue ofa strong
individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick watts, and the tare
viriue of interior spaciousness, On, man! admire and madel thyself
after the whale! Do thou, too, remain warm among ioe. Da thou, 100,
live in this world without being ofit. Be coo! at the equator; keep

‘hy blood fluid at the Pote. Like the great dome of St. Peter's, and
like the great whale, retain, O mantin all seasons a temperature of
thine ov,

‘But how easy and how hopeless to teach these fine things! Of erections,
how few are domed like St, Peter's! of creatures, how few vast as the
whale

(CHAPTER 89, The Funeral
“Haul in the chains! Let the carcase go astemr”

‘The vast tackles have now done their duly. The peeled white body of the
beheaded whale flashes ike a marble sepulchre: though changed in hue,
ithas not perceptibly lost anything in bulk, itis stil colossat.

Stowly it foats more and more away, the water round it torn and

splashed by the insatiate sharks, and the ait above vexed with

rapacious fights of screaming fowls, whose beaks are tke so many
insulting poniards in the whale. The vast white headless phantom floats
further and further from the ship, and every rod that it so floats,

what seem square rods of sharks and cubic roads of fowls, augment the
murderous din, For hours and hours from the almost stationary ship that
hideous sight ie seen. Beneath the unclouded and mild azure sky, upon
the fair face of the pleasant sea, wafted by the joyous breezes, that

great mass of death Roats on and on, ti fost in infinite

perspectives.

‘There's a most doleful and most mocking funeraif The sea-vullures af!
in pious mourning, the air-sharks all punetiiously in black or
‘speckled, In life but few of them would have helped the whale, I ween,
ifperadventure he frad needed it but upon the banquet of his funeral
they most piousty do pounce. Oh, horrible vultureism of earth! from
which not fhe mightiest whale is free.

Noris this the end. Desecrated as the body is, a vengeful ghost
