‘Ail honor to the Enderbies, therefore, whose house, think, exists to
the present day; though doubliess the ariginal Samuel must iong age
‘have slipped his cable for the great South Sea of the other world

‘The ship named after him was worthy ofthe honor, being a very fast
saller and a noble craft every way. boarded her once at midnight,
somewhere offthe Patagonian coast, and drank good tip down in the
forecast. t'was.a fine gam we had, and they were all tumps—every
soul on board. A shortilfe to them, and a jolly death, And that fine

‘gam Fhad—iong, very tong affer old Ahab touched her planks with bis
Ivory helt minds me of the noble, solid, Saxon hospitality of that

ship; and may my parson forget me, and the devil remember me, iThever
tose sight aft Flip? Did I say we had fip? Yes, and we fipped it

atthe rate of ten gallons the hour, and when the squall came {for i's
squalty off there by Patagonia}, and all hands—uisitors and all—were
called to reef topsails, we were so top-heavy that we had to swing each
other aloft in bowlines; and we ignorantly furled the skirts of our

Jackets into the sails, so that we hung there, reeted fast in the

howling gale, a waming example to all drunken tars. However, the masts,
‘id not go overboard: and by and by we scrambled down, so sober, that
‘we had to pass the flip again, though the savage sait spray bursting
down the forecastle scutlle, rather too much diluted and pickled itto

any taste.

‘The beefwas fine—tough, but with body in it They said itwas
bull-beet, others, that twas dromedary beef, but Ido not know. for
certain, tiow that was. They had dumplings too; small, but substantial,
symmetrically globular, and indestructible dumplings. Hancied that
‘you could feel them, and roll them about in you after they were
swallowed. you stooped over too far forward, you risked their
pitching out of you like bitiard-bails. The bread—but that couldn't be
helped, besides. itwas an anti-scorbutic; in short, the bread
contained the only fresh fare they had. Bult the forecasile was not very
Light, and itwas very easy to step over info a dark comer when you
ate if, But ail in all, taking her from truck to helm, considering the
dimensions of the cook's hoillers, including his own live parchment
boilers; fore and aft, | say, the Samuel Enderby was a jolly ship; of
good fare and plenty; fine Rip and strong; crack fellows all, and
eapital from boot heels to hat band

‘But wiry was i, think ye, that the Samuel Enderby, and some other
English whalers know of not all though—were such famous, hospitable
ships; that passed round the beef, and the bread, and the can, and the
joke; and were nat soon weary of eating, and drinking, and laughing? |
‘will fell you. The abounding good cheer of these English whalers is

‘matter for historical research, Nor have Hbeen at all sparing of

historical whale research, when ithas seemed needed,

‘The English were preceded in the whale fishery by the Hollanders,
