“Brave forward! Up helm!” eried Ahab lke lightning to his men.

But the suddeniy started Pequod was not quick enough te escape the
sound of the splash that the corpse soon made asi siruck the sea; not
80 quick, indeed, ut that some of the fying bubbles might have
‘sprinkled her hull with thelr ghostly baptism.

As Ahab now glided from the dejected Detight, the strange tife-buoy
‘hanging at the Pequod's stein came into conspicuous reliet

“Hal yonder! look yonder, ment cried a foreboding voice in her wake.
“in vain, oh, ye strangers, ye By our sad burial; ye but tum us your
taffail fo show us your cofiar”

CHAPTER 122, The Symphony.

Nwasa clear steel-biue day. The firmaments of air and sea were
hardly separable in thal all-pervading azure; only, the pensive air was,
‘wansparently pure and soft, with a woman's look, and the robust and
man-ike sea heaved with long, strong, fingering swells, as Samson's
chest in his sleep.

Hither, and thither, on high, glided the snow-white wings of small
unspeckled birds; these were the genite thoughts of the feminine air
but to and fio in the deeps, far down in the bottomless blue, rushed
‘mighty leviathane, sword-fish, and sharks; and these were the strong,
‘roubled, murderous thinkings of the masculine sea

‘But though thus contrasting within, the contrast was only In shades and
shadows without; those two seemed one; itwas only the sex, as itwere,
that distinguished them.

Atoft je 2 royal azar and king, the sun seemed giving this gentle
airto this bold and rolling sea, even as bride to groom. And atthe
girding tine of the horizon, a soft and tremulous motion—most seen
here at the equator—denoted the fond, thrabbing trust, the foving
alarms, with which the poor bride gave her bosom away.

‘Tied up and twisted: gnasied and knotted with wrinkles; haggardly fem
and unyieiding; his eyes glowing Uke coats, that sti glow in the

ashes of ruin; untottering Ahab stood forth in the clearness of the
‘mom; liting his splintered helmet of a brow to the fair girl's

forehead of heaven.

‘Oh, immortal infancy, and innocency of the azure! Invisible winged
oreatures that frac all cound us! Sweet childhood of air and sky! how
nblivious were ye of old Ahab's close-coiled woe! But sa have seen
{ite Miriam and Martha, laughing-eyed elves, heediess!y gambol around
