and with that he soon mounted to the deck. There a queer scene
presented ilseif. The sailors, in tassevled caps ofred worsted, were
getting the heavy tackles in readiness for the whales. Bu they worked
rather slow and taiked very fast, and seemed in anything but s good
‘humor. Ail their noses upwardly projected from their faces tike so many
fib-booms. Now and then pairs of thenr would drop their work, and Tun up
to the mast-head to get some fresh air. Some thinking they would catch
the plague, dipped oakunt in coal-tar, and at intervals held itto their
nostrils. Others having broken the stems of their pipes aimost short

offat the bow, were vigorously puffing tobacco-smoke, so that it
constantly Med thelr affactories.

Stubb was struck hy a shower of outeries and anathemas proceeding from
the Captain's round-hause abaf; and tooking in that direction saw a

fiery face thrust from behind the door, which was held ajar from

within. This was the tormented surgeon, who, after in vain,

remonstrafing against the proceedings of the day, had belaken himsetf

to the Captain's round-house (_cabinet_he called it) to avoid the

pest; but stil, could not help yelling out his entreaties and

indignations at times.

‘Marking all this, Stubb argued wett for his scheme, and turing to the
‘Guernsey-man had a litte chat with him, during which the stranger mate
expressed his detestation of his Captain as a conceited ignoramus, wha
‘had brought them ail info so unsavory and unprofitable a pickle
Sounding him carefully, Stubb further perceived that the Guernsey-man
‘had not the slightest suspicion conceming the ambergris. He therefore
‘held his peace on that head, but otherwise was quite frank and
confidential with him, so thal the two quickly concocted a title plan

{or both circumventing and safiizing the Captain, without his at all
reaming of distrusting thelr sincerity. According to this litte pian
ofthetrs, the Guemieey-man, under cover of an interpreters office,

‘was to tell the Captain what he pleased, but as coming from Stubb; and
as for Stubb, he was to utter any nonsense that should come uppermost
in him during the interview.

‘By this time their destined victim appeared from his cabin. He was 2
small and dark, but rather delicate fooking man for a sea-capiain, with
jarge whiskers and moustache, however, and wore a fed cotton velvet
vest with waich-seals at his side. To this gentleman, Stubb was now
politely introduced by the Guernsey-man, who at once ostentatiously put
on the aspect of interpreting between them.

“What shal say to him first?” said he
“Why,” said Stubb, eyeing the velvet vest and the watch and seals, “you
may 2s well begin by telling him that he tooks a sort of babyish to me,
though I don't pretend to be a judge.”

“He says, Monsieur, said the Guernsey-man, in French, tuming to his
