ovat and hat. The clothes that the night had wet, the next day's
sunshine dried upon him, and so, day after day, and night after night;

she went no more beneath the planks; whatever he wanted from the cabin
that thing he sent for.

He ate in the same open air; that is, his two only meals,—breakfast and
dinner: supper he nevar touched: nor reaped his beard: which darkly

grew ail gnaried, as unearthed roots of trees blown over, which sf

grow idly on at naked base, though perished in the upper verdure. But

though his whole life was now become one watch on deck: and though the
Parsee's mystic watch was without intermission as his own: yet these

two never seemed to speak—one man to the other—uniess at iong intervals
some passing unmomentous matter made it necessary. Though such a potent
spell seemed secretiy to join the twain; openly, and ta the awe-struck

crew, they seemed pole-ike asunder. I'by day they chanced lo speak

‘one word; by night, dumb men were both, so far as concemed the

slightest verbal interchange. Al fimes, far longest hours, without a

single fail, they stood far parted in the startight, Arab in his

scuttle, he Parsee by the mainmast; but stil fxedly gazing upon each

other, as ifn the Parsee Ahab saw his forethrown shadow, in Ahab the
Parsee his abandoned substance.

And yel, somehow, did Ahab—in his own proper self, as daily, hourly
and every instant, commandinaly revealed to his subordinates Ahab
seemed an independent ford; the Parsee but his slave. Stil again bath
‘seemed yoked together, and an unseen tyrant diving them: the lean
shade siding the solid rib. For be this Parsee what he may, all ib and
‘keel was solid Ahab.

Atthe fist faintest glimmering of the dawn, his on voice was heard
‘fom af, "Man the mast-heads!"—and all through the day, til after
sunset and after hallight, the same voice every hour, atthe striking
ofthe Helmsman's bell, was heard—"What d'ye see?—sharp! sharp!"

But when three or four days had sided by, after meeting the
children-seeking Rachel; and no spout had yet been seen the monomaniac
old man seemed distrustiul ofhis crew's fidelity, at feast, of nearly

all except the Pagan harpooneers; he seemed in doubt, even, whether
Stubb and Flask might not wilinaly overtook the sight he sought. But

sTthese suspicions were really his, he sagaciously Teftained from.

verbally expressing them, hawever his actions might seem to hint them,

“twill have the first sight af the whale myself;he said. “Aye! Ahab
‘aust have the doubloon™ and with his own hands he rigged a nest of
basketed bowlines; and sending a hand lof, with a single sheaved
block, to secure to the main-mast head, he received the two ends af the
downward-reeved rope; and attaching one to his basket prepared a pin
for the ather end, in order to fasten it atthe rail. This done, with

that end yet in his hand and standing beside the pin, he looked round
‘upon his crew, sweeping from one to the other; pausing his glance tong
