that took me waterward, for there, doubtiess, were the cheapest, ifnot
the cheeriest inns,

Such dreary streets! blocks of blackness, not houses, on either hand,
and here and there a candle, like a candie moving about in a tomb. At

this hour of the night, ofthe last day of the week, that quarter of

the town proved ail but deserted. Gut presently !came fo a smoky tight,
proceeding from a fow, wide building, the door of which stood

Invitingly open. Ithad a careless took, as ifitwere meant for the

uses of the public, so, entering, the fst thing Fdid was to stumbie

over an ash-box in the porch. Hal thought ha, as the fying

particles almost choked me, are these ashes from that destroyed city,
‘Gomorrah? But “The Crossed Harpoons,” and “The Sword-Fish7—this, hen
must needs be the sign of The Trap.” However, {picked myself up and
hearing a loud voice within, pushed on and opened a second, interior

doar,

 

Htseemed the great Black Parliament sitting in Tophet. A hundred black
faces tuned round in theit rows fo peer, and beyond, a black Angel of
Doom was beating a book in a pulpit twas 2 negro church; and the
preachers tex! was about he blackness of darkness, and the weeping
‘and wailing and teeth-gnashing there. Ha, Ishmael, muttered I, backing
out, Wreiched entertainment at the sign of The Trap!

Moving on, atiast came to a dim sort of ight not far from the
docks, and heard a forlorn creaking in the ais, and fooking up, saw a
swinging sign over the door with a white painting upon it, faintly
representing a tall suaight jet of misty spray, and these words
undemeath—“The Spouter inn—Peter Coffin

‘Cofin?_Spouter?—Rather ominous in that particular connexion, thought
| Butitis a common name in Nantucket, they say, and } suppose this
Peter here is an emigrant from there, As the light looked so dim, and

the place, for the time, tooked quiet enough, and the dilapidated

litte wooden house itself looked as iit might have been carted here

from the ruins of some burnt distict, and as the swinging sign had a
poverty-stricken sort of creak to i, [thought that here was the very

spot for cheap lodgings, and the best of pea coffee

twas a queer sort of place—a gable-ended old house, one side palsied
as itwere, and leaning over sadly. I'stood on a sharp bleak comer,
where thal tempestuous wind Euroclydon kept up 2 worse howling than
‘ever it did about poor Pau''s tossed craft. Euroclydon, nevertheless,

is a mighty pleasant zephyr to any one in-doors, with his feet on the
‘hob quietly toasting for bed. “in judging of that tempestuous wind

called Euroclydon says an old writes—of whose works | possess the
only copy exiant—it maketh a marvetious difference, whether thou
jookest out ati rom a glass window where the frosts all on the
outside, or whether thou observest It from that sashiess window, where
the frost is on both sides, and of which the wight Death is the only
