shank, the steel soon pointed the end of the iron; and as the
blacksmith was about giving the barbs their final heat, prior to
tempering them, he oried to Ahab to place the water-cask near.

“No, no—no water fos that; Iwant it ofthe tue death-temper. Ahoy,
there! Tashtego, Queequeg. Daggoo! What say ye, pagans! Will ye give me
as much blood as will cover this barb?” holding it high up. A cluster

of dark nods replied. Yes. Thvee punctures were made in the heathen

flesh, and the White Whate's barbs ware then tempered

“Ego non baptizo te in nomine pais, sed in nomine diabolif”
deliriously howled Ahab, as the malignant iron scorchingly devoured the
baptismal blood.

Now, mustering the spare pales from below, and selecting one of
hickory, with the bark stil investing it, Ahab fitted the end ta the

socket ofthe iron. A call of new tow-tine was then unweund, and some.
fathoms oft taken to the windlass, and stretched to a great tension
Pressing his foot upon it, til the rope hummed like a harp-siring

then eagerly bending over it, and seeing no strandings, Ahab exclaimed,
“Good! and now for the seizings.”

Atone extremity the rope was unstranded, and the separate spread yams
‘were all braided and woven round the socket ofthe harpoon; the pole

was then driven hard up into the socket; from the tower end the rope

was traced half-way atong the pole’s length, and firmly secured so,

with intertwistings of twine. This done, pole, iron, and rope—iike the

‘Three Fates—remained inseparable, and Ahab moodily stalked away with
the weapon: the sound of his ivory feg. and the sound of the hickory

pole, both hotlowly anging along every plank. But ere he entered his:

cabin, ight, unnatural, haltbantering, yet most piteous sound was

‘heard. Oh, Pipt thy wretched laugh, thy idle but unvesting eye; all thy
strange mummeries not unmeaningly blended with the black tragedy of the
‘melancholy ship, and mocked ith

CHAPTER 114, The Gilder.

Penetrating further and further into the heart of the Japanese cruising
‘ground, the Pequod was soon all astirin the fishery. Often. in mild
pleasant weather, for twelve, fileen, eighteen, and twenty hours an
the stretch, they were engaged in the boats, steadily pulling, or
sailing, of paddting after the whales, of for an interlude af eixty or
seventy minutes calmly awaiting thelr uprising; though with but small
success for their pains.

At such times, under an abated sun; afloat all day upon smooth, slow
heaving ewells: seated in his boat, tight as a birch canoe, and so
sociably mixing with the soft waves themselves, that ike hearth-stone
cals they purr against the gunwale; these are the times of dreamy
