both in their ime surgeons to English South-Sea whate-ships, and both
‘exact and reliable men. The original matter touching the sperm whale to
bbe found in their volumes is necessarily smal, but so far asit goes,

itis of excellent quality, though mostly confined to scientific

description. As yel. however, the sperm whale, scientific or poetic,

lives nat complete in any literature. Far above ail other hunted

whales, his is an unwritten tite

Now the various species of whales need some sort of popular
comprehensive classification, ifonly an easy outline one for the
present, hereafter to be filed in all its departments by subsequent
laborers, As no better man advances to take this matler in hand, [
‘nereupon offer my awn poor endeavors, [promise nathing complete:
because any human thing supposed to be complete, must for that very
reason infallibly be faulty. F shall not pretend to a minute anatomical
description ofthe various species, or—in this place at feast—to much
af any description, My object here is simply to project the draught of

a systematization of cetoiogy. | am the architect, not the builder.

Butitis a ponderous task; no ordinary lelter-sorterin the
Post Office is equal to it. To grope down into the bottom of the sea
after them; to have one’s hands among the unspeakable foundations,
‘ibs, and very pelvis of the world: this isa fearful thing. What am |
that f should essay fo hook the nose ofthis leviathan! The awful
tauntings in Job might well anpal me. Will he {the feviathan} make a
covenant with thee? Behold the hope of him is vain! But thave swam
‘tough libraries and sailed through ovsans; Ihave had to do with
whales with these visible hands, ! amin eamnest; and | will ty. There
are some pretiminaries to settle

First. The uncertain, unsettled condition ofthis science of Cetology
isin the very vestibule attested by the fact, that in some quarters it

stil remains a moot point whether a whale be a fish. in his System of
Nature, A.D. 1776, Linnasus declares, “thereby separate the whales from
the fish.” But of my own knowledge, F know that down to the year #850,
sharks and shad, alowives and herring, against Linnaeus's express edict,
‘were stil found dividing the possession of the same seas with the
Leviathan,

‘The grounds upon which Linnaeus would fain have banished the whales from
the waters, he statas as follows: “On account of their warm bitecular

heart, their tungs, their movable eyelids, their hollow ears, penem

intrantem feminam mammis lactantem,” and finaly, “ex lage natures jure
‘meritoque.” f submited all this to my friends Simeon Macey and Charley
Coffin, of Nantucket, both messmates of mtine in a certain voyage, and

they united in the opinion that the reasons set forth were attogether
insufficient, Charley profanely binted they were humbug.

Be it known that, waiving all argument, [take the good old fashioned
ground that the whale is a fish, and call upon holy Jonah to back me.
