“My fend,” said |, “what afl this gibberish of yours is about, t
don't know, and don't much care; far it seems to me that you must be
allitle damaged in the head. But if you are speaking of Captain Ahab,
ofthat ship there, the Pequod, then tet me te! you, that tknow ait
about the loss af his tog”

*_All_about't, eh—sure you do?—all?”
“Pretty sure.”

With Ringer pointed and eye tevetled at the Pequod, the beggar-ike
stranger stood a moment, as ifin a troubled reverie; then starting @

fitte, tumed and said:—“Ye've shipped, have ye? Names down on the
papers? Well, well, what's signed, is signed; and what's to be, wil

be; and then again, perhaps itwon'tbe, after all. Anyhow, i's all

fixed and arranged a'ready; and some saifors af other must go with him,
# suppose) as well these as any other men, God pity ‘em! Moming fo ye,
shipmates, moming: the ineffable heavens bless ye; Fm sory Istonped
yer

“Look here, fend,” said [, “ifyou have snything important to tet

us, out with it; but you are only trying to bamboozle us, you are,
‘mistaken in your game; that’s ali Ihave to say”

“And it's said very well, and Hike to hear a chap talk up that way,

‘you are just the man for hiethe tikes of ye. Moming fo ye, shipmates,
‘morning! Oh! when ye get there, tell'em I've concluded not to make one
ofem”

“Ah, my dear fellow, you can't fool us that way—you can't fool us. Ht
Is the easiest thing in the world for a man to took as ithe had a
great secretin hiea”

“Morning to ye, shipmates, morning”

“Morning itis," said f.“Come along, Queequeg, let's leave this crazy
‘man. But stop, tefl me your name, wil you?”

*Etah>

Eijaht thought f, and we watked away, both commenting, after each
‘other's fashion, upon this ragged old sailor, and agreed that he was,
nothing but a humbug. trying to be a bugbear. But we had not gone
perhaps above a hundred yards, when chancing fo tum a comer, and
fooking back as | did $0, who should be seen but Ejah fatlowing us,
though at a distance. Somehow, the sight ofhim struck me so, that

said nothing to Queequeg of his being behind, but passed on with my
comrade, anxious ta see whether the stranger would tum the same comer
that we did. He did; and then it seemed to me that he was dogging us,

ut with what intent teould not for the life of me imagine, This
