But Fedattah, puting a finger on his tip, sid over the bulwarks to
take the boat's steering oar, and Ahab, swinging the cutting-tackle
towards him, commanded the ship's sailors to stand by to tower.

ina moment he was standing in the boat's stem, and the Manilla men
were springing to their oars, in vain the English Captain hailed him.
With back to the stranger ship, and face set ike a fint to his own,
Ahab stood upright fil alongside of the Pequod.

CHAPTER 204. The Decanter.

Exe the English ship fades from sight, be it set down here, that she
‘nailed from London, and was named after the fate Samuel Enderby,
‘merchant af that city, the orginal of the famous whaling house of

Enderby & Sons; a house which in my poor whaleman’s opinion, comes not
far behind the united royal houses of the Tudors and Bourbons, in point

of real historical interest. How fong, prior to the year of our Lord

1775, this great whaling house was in existence, my numerous
fish-documents do not make plain; but in that year {1775} it ted out

the fist Engtish ships that ever regularly hunted the Sperm Whale;

though for some scare of years previous {ever since 1726) our valiant
Cofins and Maceys of Nantucket and the Vineyard had in large fleets
pursued that Leviathan, but oniy in the North and South Attantie: sot,
‘sisewhere. Be it distinctly recorded hers, that the Nantucketers ware

the first among mankind to harpoon with civilized steel the great Sperm
Whale; and that for haif a century they were the only people of the

whole globe wha so Rampooned him,

In 4778.2 fine ship, the Amelia, fited out for the express purpose,
and al the sole charge of the vigorous Enderbys, boldly rounded Cape
Hom, and was the fist among the nations to lower a whale-boat of any
sortin the great South Sea. The voyage was a skilful and lucky one,

and returning to her berth with her hold full of the precious sperm,

the Amelia's example was soon followed by other ships, English and
American, and thus the vast Sperm Whale grounds of the Pacific were
thrown open. But not content with this good deed, the indefatigable

house again bestired itself: Samuel and all his Sons—how many, their
‘mother only knows—and under their immediate auspives, and partly,
think, at their expense, the British government was induced to send the
sloop-of war Rattler on a whaling voyage of discovery into the South

Sea, Commanded by a naval Post Captain, the Rattler made a rating
‘voyage of, and did some service: how much does not appear. But this,

ig not all. iN 1819, the same house Fitted out a discovery whale ship

of their own, to go on a tasting crulse to the remote waters of Japan,

‘That stip—well called the “Syren’—made a noble experimental cruise; and
twas thus that the great Japanese Whaling Ground first became

‘generally known, The Syren in this famous voyage was commanded by &
Captain Coffin, a Nantucketer.
