‘most frequented by whatemen; and having now led for many years the bold
life ofthe fishery in the ships of owners uncommonty heedful of what
manner of men they shipped: Daggoo setained aif his barbaric virtues,
and erect as a giraffe, moved about the decks in all the pomp of six

‘eet five in fis socks. There was a corporeal hurniity in iooking up at

him and a white man standing before him seemed a white flag come to
beg truce ofa fortress. Curious to tel, this imperial negro,

Anasuerus Daggoo, was the Squire of itie Flask, who looked tike a
‘chess-man beside him. As for the residue of the Pequod's company, be it
said, that at the present day not one in two of the many thousand men
‘before the mast employed in the Amefican whale fishery, are Americans.
‘bam, though pretty nearly ail the officers are. Herein itis the same

with the American whale fishery as with the American army and military
‘and merchant navies, and the engineering forces employed in the
‘onstruction of the American Canals and Railroads. The same, | say,
‘because in ail these cases the native American Hberally provides the
brains, the rest of the world as generously supplying the muscies. No
small number ofthese whaling seamen belong to the Azores, where the
outward bound Nantucket whalers frequently touch to augment their crews
‘rom the hardy peasanis of those rocky shores. In fike manner, the
‘Greenland whalers sailing out of Hull or London, put in al the Shetland
Islands, to receive the full complement of their crew. Upon the passage
homewards, they drop them there again, Haw Itis, there is no telling,

ut Islanders seem to make the best whalemen. They were nearly all
Islanders in the Pequod,_Isoialoes_too, Fail such, not

acknowledging the common continent of men, but each Isolato_tiving on
a separate continent of his own, Yet now, federated along one keel,
whata set these Isolatoes were! An Anacharsis Clootz deputation from
ail he isies of the sea, and aif the ends of the earth, accompanying

‘Old Ahab in the Pequod to lay the world's grievances before that bar
‘fom which not very many of them ever come back. Black Little Pip—he
never did—oh, not he went before. Poor Alabama boy! On the grim
Pequod's forecastie. ye shafl ere jong age him, beating his tambourine,
prelusive of the eternal time, when sent for, to the great quarter-deck

‘on high, he was Did sirke in with angets, and beat his tambourine in
lory; called a coward here, hailed a here there

‘CHAPTER 28, Anat,

For several days after leaving Nantucket, nothing above hatches was
seen of Captain Ahab. The mates regularly relieved each other al the
watches, and for aught that could be seen to the contary, they seemed
tobe the only commanders of the ship; only they sometimes issued from
the cabin with orders so sudden and peremptory, that after al itwas
plain they but commanded vicariously. Yes, their supreme ford and
dictator was there, though hitherlo unseen by any eyes not permitted to
penetrate into the now sacred retreat of the cabin

Every time Fascended to the deck from my watches below, Linsiantly
