‘Struck by this plain matter-of-fact question, t answered, saying, “Yes,
Hhought | did see four or five men; but twas too dim to be sure.”

“very dim, very dim,” said Elijah. “Morning to ye."

‘Once more we quitted him: but once more he came sofly afler us; and
touching my shoulder again, sald, ‘See If you can find "em now, will
ye?

“Find who?

“Maming to yet moming ta yel” he sejained, again maving off. “Oh! F
was going to warn ye against_but never mind, never mind—it's all one,
ail in the family too;—sharp frost this moming, aia’t if? Good-bye to

ye. Shan'tsse ye again very soon, ! guess; uniess i's before the

Grand Jury.” And with these cracked words he finally departed, leaving
‘me, for the moment, in no small wonderment at his frantic impudence.

Atiast, stepping on board the Pequod, we found everything in profound
quiet, not 2 soul moving. The cabin entrance was jocked within; the

‘hatches were all on, and lumbered with coils of rigging. Going forward

to the forecastie, we found the slide ofthe scuttle open. Seeing a

tight, we went down, and found only an old rigger there, wrapped in a
tatieted pea-jacket. He was thrown at whole fength upon two chests, his
fave downwards and inclased in his folded arms. The profoundest slumber
slept upon him.

“Those sailors we saw, Queequeg, where can they have gone to?" said |,
looking dubiously at the sleeper. But it seemed that, when on the

wharf, Queequeg had not at al noticed what t new alluded to; hence |
would have thought myseifto have been optically deceived in that
mratter, were it not for Eljah’s otherwise inexplicable question. But |

‘beat the thing down; and again marking the sleeper, jocularly hinted to
‘Queequeg that perhaps we had best sit up with the body: telling him to
establish himsetf accordingly. He put his hand upon the sleaper's rear,
as though feeting ifit was soft enough; and then, without more ado,

sal quietly down these.

*Gracious! Queequeg, don't sit there,” said |

“Oh! perry dood seal,” said Queequeg, “my county way; won't hurt him
face”

“Face!” said t, “call that his face? very benevolent countenance then:
but how hard he breathes, he's heaving himself, get off, Queequea, you
ase heavy, its grinding the face of the poor. Get aff, Queequeg# Look,
‘he'll twitch you off soon. twonder he don't wake.”

‘Queequeg removed himself to just beyond the head ofthe sleeper, and
