Now in getting under weigh, the station generally occupied by the pilot
is the forward part of the ship. And here Bildad, who, with Peleg, be
§tknown, in addition to his other officers, was one ofthe ficensed

pilots of the port_he being suspected to have got himself made a pilot

in order to save the Nantucket pitol-tee to ail the ships he was

concerned in, for he never piloted any other craft—Bildad, say, might
now be seen actively engaged in ooking over the bows for the
approaching anchor, and at intervals singing what seemed a dismat stave
of psaimody, to cheer the hands at the windlass, who roared forth some
sostofa chorus about the gifs in Booble Alley, with hearty good

will Nevertheless, not three days previous, Bildad had told them that

no profane songs would be allowed on hoard the Pequad, particularly in
getting under weigh; and Charity, his sister, had placed a smail choice
‘copy of Watts in each seaman's berth

Meantime, overseeing the other part ofthe ship, Caplain Peleg sipped
and swore asiem in the most fightful manner. talmost thought he

‘would sink the ship before the anchor could be got up; involuntarily £
paused on my handspike, and told Queequeg to do the same, thinking of
the perils we both ran, in starting on the voyage with such a devil for

a pilot. was comforting myself, however, with the thought that in

pious Bildad might be found some salvation, spite of his seven hundred
and seventy-seventh fay, when I felt a sudden sharp poke In my rear,

‘and turning round, was horrified at the apparition of Captain Peleg in

the act of withdrawing his Jeg from my immediate vicinity. That was my
first kick,

“is that the way they heave in the marchant service?” he roared.
“Spring, thou sheep-head; spring, and break thy backbone! Why don't ye
spring, I say, all of ye—spring! Quohog! spring, thou chap with the red
whiskers: spring there, Seotch-cap: spring, thou green pants. Spring, |
say, ail of ye, and spring your eyes out” And so saying, he moved

along the windlass, here and there using his eg very freely, while
imperturbabte Bildad kept feading off with his psalmody. Thinks f
Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to-day.

Attast the anchor was up, ihe sails were set, and offwe glided. tt
‘was a short, cold Christmas; and as the short northern day merged into
night, we found ourselves almost broad upon the wintly ooean, whose
{freezing spray cased us in ioe, as in polished armor. The long rows of
teeth on the bulwarks glistened in the moonlight; and ike the white
ivory tusks of some huge elephant, vast curving leictes depended from
the bows.

Lank Badad, as pilot, headed the first watch, and ever and anon, as
the old craft deep dived into the green seas, and sent the shivering
frost all aver her, and the winds howled, and the cordage rang, his

steady notes were heard —
