Having already in various ways put before you his skull, spout-hole,
jaw, teeth, tail, forehead, fins, and divers other parts, tshall now

simply point out what is most interesting in the general bulk of his
unobstructed hones. But as the colossal sku embraces so very large @
proportion of the enti extent of the skeleton; as itis by far the

‘most complicated part; and as nothing Is to be fepeated concerning it
Jn this chapter, you must not fail to carry tin your mind, or under

your arm, as we proceed, atherwise you will nat gain a complete notion
ofthe general structure we are about to view.

tn fength, the Sperm Whale's skeleton at Tranque measured seventy-two
feet; so that when fully invested and extended in tife, he must have

been ninely feet tong; for in the whale, the skeleton loses about one

fifth in Jength compared with the living body. Ofthis seventy-two

‘eet, his skull and jaw comprised some twenty feet, teaving some fifty
feet of piain back-bone. Attached to this back-bone, for something fess
than a third ofits tength, was the mighty circular basket of ibs

which once enclosed his vitals

‘To me this vast ivory-sibbed chest, with the Jong, untelieved spine,
extending far away from itin a straight tine, not a litle resembled
the hull ofa great ship new-laid upon the stocks, when onfy some
twenty of her naked bow-ribs are inserted, and the keel is otherwise,
forthe time, but a long, disconnected timber.

‘The ribs were ten on a side. The first, to begin from the neck, was
nearly six feet tong: the second, third, and fourth were each

successively fonger, til you came to the climax ofthe fAith, or one

ofthe middie ribs, which measured eight feet and some inches. From
that past, the semaining ribs dievinished, tit the tenth and tast only
spanned five feet and some inches. In generat thickness, they ail bore

a seemly correspondence to thels fength. The middle ribs were the most
arched. In some of the Arsacides they are used for beams whereon to tay
footpath bridges over small steams,

In considering these sibs, | could not but be stuck anew with the
circumstance, so variously repeated in this book, that the skeleton of
the whale is by so means the mould of his invested form. The largest of
the Tranque ribs, ane ofthe middle ones, occupied that part ofthe

{ish which. in life, is greatest in depth. Now, the greatest depth of

the invested body of this particular whale must have been at least
sixteen feet; whereas, the correspanding rib measured but ite more
than eight feet. So that this rib only conveyed haifofthe tue notion
ofthe living magnitude of that part. Besides, for some way, where E
‘now saw but a naked spine, ail that had been once wrapped round with
tons ofadded bulk in flesh, muscle, blood, and bowels. Stil more, for
the ample fins, rere saw but a few disordered joints; and in place of
the weighty and majestic, but boneless fukes, an utter blank!

How vain and foolish, then, thought for tind untravetied man to try
