‘duty thou owest to the other awners of this ship—widows and orphans,
‘many ofthem—and that ifwe too abundantly reward the labors of this
young man, we may be taking the bread from those widows and those
orphans. The seven hundred and seventy-seventh lay, Caplain Peleg”

“Thou Bildad" roared Peteg, starting up and clattering about the
cabin. “Blast ye, Captain Bildad, i thad followed thy advice in these
matters, | would afore now had a conscience to Jug about that would be
heavy enough to founder the largest ship that ever sailed round Cape
Hora”

“Captain Peleg,” said Bildad steadily, “thy conscience may be drawing
ten Inches of water, or ten fathoms, [ean't tel but as thou art

stil_an impenitent aan, Captain Peleg, t greatly fear lest thy
conscience be but a Jeaky one; and will in the end sink thee foundering
down to the ery pit, Captain Peleg”

“Fiery pit ery pitt ye insult me, man; past all natural bearing, ye
insult me. I's an allfired outrage to tell any human creature that
‘he’s bound to hell, Flukes and Ramest Bildad, say that again fo me,
‘and start my soul-botts, but Pil—Fil_yes, Pil swallow a live goat
with all his haie and horns on. Out ofthe eabin, ye canting,
drab-coloured son ofa wooden gun—a straight wake with yer”

Ashe thundered out this he made a rush at Bildad, but with a
‘marvellous oblique, sliding ceterity, Bildad for that time eluded him

Alarmed at this terible outburst hetween the two principal and
responsible owners ofthe ship, and feeling half a mind to give up atl

‘dea of sailing in a vessel so questionably owned and temporarily
commanded, t stepped aside from the door to give egress to Bildad, who,
made ne doubt, was all eagemess to vanish fram before the awakened
wrath of Peleg. But to my astonishment, he sat down again on the
‘ransom very quietly, and seemed to have not the slightest intention of
withdrawing. He seemed quite used to impenitent Peleg and his ways. As
‘or Peleg, after letting off his rage as he had, there seemed no more

Jeftin him, and he, too, sat down tike 9 fam, though he twitched a

ttle as if sti nervously agitated. “Whew? he whistied at last—ihe
squali's gone off to leeward, f think. Bildad, thou used to be good at
sharpening a lance, mend that pen, will ye. My jacicknife here needs

the grindstone. That's he: thank ye, Bildad. Now then, my young man,
Ishmaet’s thy name, didn't ye say? Well then, down ye go here, Ishmael,
for the three hundredth tay”

 

“Caplain Peleg: sald |, “thave a friend with me who wants to ship
too—shail Hbring him down to-mosrow?”

“To be sure,” said Peleg. “Fetch him along, and we'l iook at him”

“What lay does he want?” groaned Bildad, glancing up from the book in
