“He's dead, Mr. Stubb,” said Daggoo,

“Yes; both pipes smoked out and withdrawing his own from his mouth,
Stubb scattered the dead ashes over the water; and, fora moment, stood
thoughtfully eyaing the vast corpse he had made.

‘CHAPTER 62, The Dart
Aword conoeming an incident in the tast chapter.

According to the invariable usage of the fishery, the whale-boat pushes:
aif from the ship, with the headsman or whale-kiler as temporary
steersman, and the harpoaneer or whale-fastener pulling the foremost
‘oar, the one known as the harpooneer-oar, Now itneedsa strong,
nervous arma to strike the frst jon into the fish; for often, in what

is called a tong dar, the heavy implement has to be fung to the

distance of bwenty or thirty feet. But however protonged and exhausting
the chase, the harpooneer is expected to pull his oar meanwhile to the
uttermost indeed, he is expected to set an example of superhuman
‘activity to the rest, not only by inoredibte rowing, but by repeated

foud and intrepid exciamations; and what itis t keep shouting at the

top of one’s compass, while ail the other muscles are strained and haif
started—what that ie hone know but those who have tried it For one, |
cannot bawi very heartily and work very recklessly at one and the same
time. In this straining, bawling state, then, with his back to the

fish, aif at once the exhausted hatpoonser hears the exciting
ory—"Stand up, and give it te him? He now has to drop and secure his
‘03°, turn found on his centre half way, seize his harpoon from the

eroich, and with what lie strength may remain, he essays to pitch It
‘somshow inio the whate. No wonder, taking the whole fleet of whatemen
in 2 body, that aut of fity fair chanoes for a dart, nat five are

successful; no wonder that so many hapless harpooneers are madly cursed
‘and disrated; ne wonder that some af them actuaily burst their
btood-vessels in the boat; no wonder thal some sperm whalemen are
absent four years with four barrels; no wonder that fa many ship

owners, whaling is but a fosing concer; for itis the harpooneer that
makes the voyage, and if you take the breath out of his body how can
you expect to find it here when most wanted!

Again, ithe dart be successful, then at the second critical Instant,
that is, when the whale staris to run, the boatheader and harpooneer
{ikewise start to running fore and aff, to the imminent jeopardy of
themselves and every one else. itis then they change places; and the
headsman, the chief officer of he lite craft, takes his proper

slation in the bows of the boat,

Now, teare nat who maintains the cantrary, but all his is both
foolish and unnecessary. The headsman should stay in the bows from
fist to tast; he should both dart the harpoon and the lance, and no
