“Lay it before me;—any missing men?”

“One, two, three, four, five;
five men.”

there were five oars, sit, and here are

 

“That's good. —Hetp me, man; Hwish to stand. So, $0, 1 see him theret
there! going to teeward stil; what a leaping spoull—Hands off from me!
‘The eternal sap suns up in Ahab's bones again! Set the sal, out oars;
the helmr™

Itis often the case that when a boats stove, its orew, being picked
Lup by anathes boat, heip to work that second boat; and the chase is

thus continued with what is called double-banked oars, twas thus now.
But the added power of the boat did nat equal the added power of the
whale, forhe seemed to have treble-banked hils every fin; swimming with

a velocity which plainly showed, that now, under these

circumstances, pushed on, the chase would prove an indefinitely
prolonged, ifnot a hopeless one; nor could any crew endure for so long

2 period, such an unintermitted, intense straining at the oar, a thing

barely tolerable only in some one brief vicissitude. The ship itseff,

then, as it sometimes happens, offered the most promising intermediate
means of overtaking the chase. Accordingly, the boats now made for her,
and were soon swayed up ta their cranes—the two paris of the wrecked
boat having been previously secured by her—and then hoisting everything
to her side, and stacking her canvas high up, and sideways

outstretching itwith stun-sails, ike the double jointed wings of an
aibatross; the Pequod bore down in the leeward wake of Moby-Dick. At
the well known, methodic intervals, the whate's gittesing spout was
regularly announced from the manned mast-heads; and when he would be
reported as just gone down, Ahab would take the time, and then pacing
the deck, binnacte-watch in hand, sa soon as the fast second of the
allotted hour expired, his voice was heard. —"Whase is the doubioon now?
Dye see him?” and ifthe reply was, No, sit straightway he commanded
them to ifthim to his perch. In this way the day wore on; Ahab, now

loft and motionless: anon, unrestingly pacing the planks.

As he was thus waiking, uttering no sound, except to hall the men
atof, oF to bid them hoist a sail stl higher, arto spread one to a

sii greater breadthi—thus fo and fro pacing, beneath his stouched hat,
at every turn he passed his own wrecked beat, which had been dropped
upon the quarter-deck, and lay there reversed, broken bow to shattered
stem. Atlast he paused before it and as in an atready over-clouded

ky fresh troops of clouds will sometimes sail across, 50 over the old
‘man’s face there now stole some such added gloom as this.

‘Stubb saw him pause: and perhaps intending, not vainly, though, to
evince his ovin unabated fortitude, and thus keep up a valiant place in
‘als Captain's sind, he advanced, and eyeing the wreck exciaimed—“The
thistle the ass refused: it picked his mouth too keenly, sir-hat hal”
