“Mind he don't sting thee with it” cried Starbuck. “Give way, or the
‘German will have bin."

‘With one intent ail the combined rival boats were pointed for this ane
fish, because not anly was he the largest, and therefore the most
valuable whale, but he was nesrest fo them, and the other whales were
going with such great velocity, moreover, as almost to dely pursuit for
the lime. At this juncture the Pequod's keels had shot by the three
‘German boals fast lowered: but rom the great start he had had,
Derick’s boat stil led the chase, though every moment neared by his,
foreign rivals. The onty thing they feared, was, that from being

already so nigh to his mark, he would be enabled to dart his Iron
before they could completely overtake and pass him. As for Derick, he
seemed quite confident that this would be the case, and occasionally
with  deriding gesture shook his tamp-feeder at the other boats.

“The ungracious and ungrateful dog? cried Starbuck; “he mocks and
dares me with the very poor-box {filed for him nat five minutes.
ago!"—then in his old intense whisper—“Give way, greyhounds! Dog to
a

 

“Hell ye what tis, men"—cried Stubd to his crew's against my
seligion to get mad: but Fd fie to eat that villainous

‘Yarman—Pull—won't ye? Are ye going to Jet that rascal beat ye? Do ye.

tove brandy? A hogshead of brandy, then, to the best man. Come, why

don't some of ye burst a blood-vesse!? Who's that been dropping an

anchor overbourd—we don't budge an inch—we're becaimed. Hatloo, here's
‘grass growing in the boat's bottom —and by the Lord, the mast there's
budding. This won't do, boys. Look at that Yarman! The short and tong

ofitis, men, will ye spit fre or nat?”

“Oh! see the suds he makes!” cried Flask, danelng up and down—"What 2
‘bump—Ch, _do_pile an the beef—tays tke a fog! Oh my fads, _do_
spring—slap-jacks and quahogs for supper, you know, my tads—baked clams
and muffins—oh,_de_, _do_, spring,—he’s a hundred barrelier—dom't ose
im now—don't ah, _don't!_—-see that Yarman—Oh, won't ye pull for your
uff, py lads—such 3 sogt such a sogger! Don't ye love spec? There

‘goes three thousand dollars, men!—a bank!—a whole bank! The bank of
Engtand!—Oh, _do_, _do_, -do!_—Whaf's that Yarman about now?”

 

 

 

Atthis moment Derick was in the act of pitching his tamp-feeder at the
advancing boats, and aiso his oil-can; perhaps with the double view of
‘retarding his rivais' way, and at the same time economicatty
ocelerating his awn by the mamentary impetus of the backward toss,

“The unmannedy Dutch doggert” cried Stub. “Pull now, men, tke fity
thousand line-of battie-ship loads of red-haired devils. What d'ye say,
‘Tashtego; are you the man to snap your spine in two-and-twenty pieces
{or the honor of old Gayhead? What dye say?”
