his eye that almost startied me. “Look ye, tad; never say that on board
the Pequod. Never say it anywhere. Captain Ahab did nat name himself
“Twas 2 foolish, ignorant whim of his crazy, widowed mother, who died
when he was only a hwelvemonth old, And yet the old squaw Tistig, at
Gayhead, said that the name would somehow prove prophetic. And,
perhaps, other foots like her may tell thee the same. I wish fo warn

thee. it's. ie. tknow Captain Ahab welt; I've sailed with him as,

mnate years aga; | know what he is—a good man—not a pious, good man,
1ike Bildad, but 2 swearing good man—something fike me—only there's a
aod deal more athim. Aye, aye, [know that he was never very jolly

land Hinow that on the passage home, he was a iltle out of his mind

{or a spelt; but itwas the sharp shooting pains in his bleeding stump

{hal brought that shout, as any one might see. | know, 100, that ever

since he fost his teg {ast voyage by that accursed whale, he's been a

kind of moody—desperate moody, and savage sometimes; but that will all
‘pass off. And once for all, jet me tell thee and assure thee, young

‘man, it's better to sail with a moody good captain than a laughing bad

one. Sa good-bye ta thee—and wrong not Captain Ahab, because he happens.
to have a wicked name. Besides, my boy, he has a wife—nat three voyages:
wedded—a sweet, resigned gif, Think of that, by thal sweet gid that

id man has a child: hotd ye then there can be any utter, hopetess harm

In Ahab? No, no, my tad; stricken, blasted, iThe be, Ahab has his,
‘humanities!

As walked away, | was full of thoughtfulness; what had been
incidentally reveated to me of Capiain Ahab, fled me with a certain

wild vagueness of painfuiness concerning him. And somehow, at the time,
Heit a sympathy and a sorrow for him, but for }don't know what,

unless itwas the eruet loss of his leg. And yet laiso felt a strange

‘awe of him; but that sort of awe, which [cannot at all deseribe, was

not exactly ame; Ido not know what twas. But Ffeltit; and it did

not disincline me towards hin; though I feitimpatience at what seemed
ike mystery in him, so imperfectly as he was known to me then,

However, my thoughts were at length carried in other directions, so

that for the present dark Ahab slipped my mind,

CHAPTER 47, The Ramadan,

‘As Queequeg's Ramadan, or Fasting and Humiliation, was to continue ail
‘day, Fdid not choose to disturb him til towards night-tal, for |

cherish the greatest respect towards everybody's religious obligations,
never mind how comical, and could not find itn my heart to undervatue
even a congregation of ants worshipping a toad-stool; or those other
creatures in certain parts of our earth, who with a degree of

footmanism quite unprecedented in ather planets, ow down hefore the
torso of a deceased landed proprietor merely on account of the
inordinate possessions yet owned and rented in his name.

| say. we good Presbyterian Christians should be charitable in these
