apattof ye”

-Oht spite of million vilains, this makes me a bigotin the fadeless
fidelity of mant—and a black and crazy!—but methinks like-cures-fke
appfies to him too; he grows so sane again”

“They teil me, sir, that Stubb did once desert poor litle Pip, whose
drowned bones now show white, forall the blackness of his living skin,
‘But ! will never desert ye, sir, as Slubb did him. Sir, Fmust go with

ee

“Wthou speakest thus fo me much more, Ahab's purpose Keats up in him,
Hell thee no; iteannet be

“Oh good master, master, master!

“Weep s0, and Lwill murder thee! have a care, for Ahab too is mad.
Liston, and thou wit oflen hear my ivory foot upon the deck, and sti
know that Fam there. And now [quit thee. Thy hand!—Metf True art
thou, lad. as the circumference to is centre. So: God far ever bless
thee! and ifit come to that,—God for ever save thee, tet what will
befall”

{_Ahab goes; Pip steps one step forward._}

“Here he this instant stood; f stand in his air —but fm alone. Now
were even poor Pip here teould endure it, but he's missing. Pip! Pip!
Ding, dong, ding! Who's sean Pip? He must be up here: fet's ty the
door. What? neither iook, nor bolt, nor bar; and yet there's no opening

it imustbe the spelt he told me to stay Reve: Aye, and told me

this serewed chair was mine. Here, then, [il seat me, against the
‘ransom, inthe ship's ful middle, all hes keel and her three masts
before me. Here, our old sailors say, in thelr black seventy-fours:

great admizais sometimes sit at table, and ford it over rows of

‘saptaing and Heutenants. Haf what's this? epaulets! epaulets! the
epaulets all come crowding! Pass tound the decanters; glad to see ye:
{iH up, monsieurst What an odd feeling, now, when a black boy's host

to white men with gold face upon their coats!—Monsieurs, have ye seen
‘one Pip?—a litle negra fad, five feet high, hang-dog look, and
‘cowardly! Jumped from a whale-boat onae;—seen hint? Nof Well then, il
up again, captains, and let's drink shame upon all cowards! fname no
‘ames. Shame upon then Put one foot upon the table. Shame upon all
cowards. —Hist! above there, hear ivory—Oh, master! master! am
indeed dows-hearted when you walk over me. But here Il stay, though
this stem strikes rocks, and they bulge through and oysters come to
join me.”

CHAPTER 130. The Hat
