Here then, from three impartial witnesses, HHiad a deliberate statement
ofthe entire cage. Considering, therefore, that squalls and capsizings
in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep, were matters of
‘common currence in this kind af ife; considering that at the
superfatively critical instant of going on to the whale t must resign

‘my life into the rands of him who steered the boat_oftentimes a fellow
‘who at that very moment is in his impetuousness upon the point of
soutling the craft with his own frantic stampings: considering that

the particuter disaster to our own particular boal was chiefly tobe
imputed to Starbuck's driving on to his whale almost in the teeth of a
‘squall, and considering that Starbuck, notwithstanding, was famous for
his great heedfulness in the fishery: considering that I belonged to

this uneammonly prudent Starbuck's boat, and finally considering in
what a devi's chase Iwas implicated, touching the While Whale: taking
all things together, | say, Hhought tight as well go below and make

2B rough draft of my will. “Queequeg” said “come along, you shall be
my lawyer, executor, and legate”

may seem strange that of all men sailors should be tinkering at
their last wills and testaments, but there are no people in the world

more fond of that diversion, This was the fourth time in my nautical

fe that Ihad done the same thing. After the coremony was concluded
upon the present occasion, fet all the easier, a stone was rolled

away from my heart. Besides, all the days {should now tive would be as,
‘g00d as the days that Lazarus lived after his resurrection; a
supptementary clean gain of so many months or weeks as the case might
be. Lsurvived myself: my death and burial were locked up in my chest.
Hooked round me tranquilly and contentedly, tke a quiet ghost with a
lean conscience siting inside the bars of a snug family vault

Now then, thought unconsciously rolling up the sleeves of my frock,
‘here goes for a cool, collected dive at death and destruction, and the
devil fetch the hindmost.

‘CHAPTER 50, Anab's Boat and Crew. Fedatiah

"Who would have thoughtit, Flask” cried Stub; “ft had butone leg
‘you would not catch me in @ boat, unless maybe to stop the plug-hole
with my timber toe. Oht he's a wonderful old man?

“i don’t think itso strange, after aif, on that account,” said Flask
“This tag were offat the hip, now, it would be a different thing

‘That would disable him; but he has one knee, and good part of the other
teft, you know."

“Edon't know that, my itle man; Inever yet saw him kneel.”

Among whale-wise people ithas often been argued whether, considering
the paramount importance of his life fo the success ofthe voyage, it
