“Get the axe! For God's sake, run for the doctor, some one, while pry
itopent™

“Look here,” said the landlady, quickly putting down the vinegar-cruet,
80 as to have one hand free: “ook here: are you talking about prying
‘open any of my doors?"—and with that she seized my arm, “What's the
‘matter with you? What's the matter with you, shipmate™™

nas caim, but rapid a manner as possible, I gave her to understand
the whoie case. Unconsciously clapping the vinegar-cruet to one side of
her nose, she cuminated for an instant, then exclaimed—"Nol Fhaven't

seen itsince I putt there.” Running te litte closet under the

tending ofthe stairs, she glanced in, and returning, told me that
‘Queequeg’s harpoon was missing. “He's killed himself." she cried. “i's:
unfortnate Stiggs done over again—there goes another counterpane—God
pity bis poor mothert—it wil be the cuin af my house. Has the poor lad

a sister? Where's that gid?there, Betty, go to Snaries the Painter,

‘and tell him to paint me a sign, with—"no suicides permitted here, and

‘no smoking in the partor;"—might as weil kil both birds at once. Kil?

‘The Lord be merciful to his ghost! What's that noise there? You, young
‘man, avast there!”

And running up after me, she caught me as Iwas again trying to force
open the door.

“Idon't atiow It; won't have my premises spoited. Go for the
fooksmith, there's one about a mite from here. But avast!” puting her
‘hand in her side-pocket, “here's a key that'l ft, (ques; let's

‘se0.” And with that, she turned it in the lock; but, alas! Queequeg’s
supplemental boit remained uowithdrawn within.

“Have to burst it open, said |, and was cunning down the entry a
Uitte, for a good start, when the fandiady caught at me, again vowing
F should nol break down her premises; Dut Hore from her, and with a
sudden bodily tush dashed myseif full against the mark.

With a prodigious noise the door flew open, and the knob slamming
against the wail, sent the plaster to the ceifing: and there, good
heavens! there sat Queequeg, altogether cool and self collected; right,
in the middle of the room: squatting an his hams, and holding Yojo on
top of his head. He fooked neither one way ner the other way, but sat
fike a carved image with scarce a sign of active life

“Queequeg,” said |, going up ta him, “Queequeg, what's the matter with
your”

“He hain’t been a sittin’ so all day, has he?” said the tandiady,

But all we said, not a word could we drag out af him: faimost felt
