collapsed and exploded; a qush of scalding vapor shot up near by;
something rolled and tumbled tike an earthquake beneath us. The whole
‘crew were half suffocated as they were tossed helter-skelter into the
white curdiing cream of the squall. Squall, whale, and harpoon had all
blended together, and the whale, merely grazed by the iron, escaped.

‘Though completely swamped, the boat was nearly unharmed. Swimming round
itwe picked up the floating oars, and lashing them across the gunwaie,
tumbled back in our places, There we sat up ta ou knees in the sea,

the water covering every 1b and plank, so that to our downward gazing

‘eyes the suspended craft seemed a coral boat grown up to us from the

bottom of the ocean,

‘The wind increased to a hows; the waves dashed their bucklers together,
the whole squall roared, forked, and crackled around us fie a while
fire upon the praise, in which, unconsumed, we were burning; immortal
in these jaws of death! in vain we hailed the other boats; as well roar

to the tive coals down the chimney of flaming furnace as hail those
boats in that storm. Meanwhile the driving scud, rack, and ast, grew
darker with the shadows of night; no sign ofthe ship could be seen.
‘The rising sea forbade all attempis to bate out the boat, The oars were
useless as propetiers, performing now the office of ife-preservers.

So, cutting the lashing of the waterproof match keg, after many

failures Starbuck contsived to ignite the tamp in the tantem; then
stetching iton a waif pole, handed ito Queequeg as the
standard-bearer of this forlom hope. There, then. he sat, holding up
that imbecile candle in the hear of that almighty fortomnness. There,
then, he sat, the sign and symbol of a man without faith, hopelessly
holding up hope in the midst of despair.

Wet, drenched tough, and shivering cold, despairing of ship oF boat,
we lifted up our eyes as the dawn came on, The mist stil spread over
the sea, the emply lantern lay crusted in the bottom of the boat
Suddenty Queequeg started to his feet, hollowing his hand to his ear.
We ail heard a faint creaking, as of ropes and yards hitherio muffled

by the storm. The sound came nearer and neater: the thick mists were
dimly parted by a huge, vague form. Affighted, we all sprang into the
sea as the ship at last loomed into view, bearing right dawn upon us,
within a distance of not much more than its enath,

Floating on the waves we saw the abandoned beat, as for one instant it
tossed and gaped beneath the ship's bows like a chip at the base ofa
cataract, and then the vast hull called over it, and itwas seen no

more ti it came up weltering aster. Again we swam fori, were
dashed against itby the seas, and were at last taken up and safety
fanded on board. Ere the squall came close to, the other boais had cut
Joose from their fish and returned to the ship in good time. The ship
‘had given us up, but was stil cruising, ifhaply it might ight upon

some token of our perishing.—an oar or a tance pole
