dispute its unconditional, unintegral mastery in me. in the midst of
the personified impersonal, s parsonaiity stands here. Though but a
point at best, whencesoe'er I came; wheresoe’er Igo: yet while F
earthiy live, the queenly personality fives in me, and feeis her royal
sights. But war is pain, and hate is woe, Come in thy towest form of
Jove, and | will kneet and kiss thee: but af thy highest, come as mere
supermal power; and though thou faunchest navies of fl-freighted
worlds, there's that in here that stil remains indifferent. On, thou
lear spirit, of hy fre thou madest me, and like a true child of

fire, Hbreathe it back to thee”

{_Sudden, repeated flashes of ightning: the nine flames teap
Tengthwise to thrice their previous height; Ahab, with the rest, closes
‘is eyes, his ight hand pressed hard upon them.

“Lown thy speechless, placeless power: said not so? Nor was itweung
from me; nor do I now drop these finks. Thou canst blind; but [can

then grope. Thou canst consume; but can then be ashes. Take the
homage of these poor eyes, and shutler-hands. t would not take it The
{lightning Rashes through my skull: mine eye-balis ache and ache; my
whole beaten brain seems as hetieaded, and rolling on some stunning
ground. Oh, oh! Yet blindfold, yet wil atk to thee. Light though

thou be, thou teapest out of darkness, but !am darkness leaping out of
{ight, eaping out of thee! The javelins cease; open eyes: see, or not?
‘There burn the flames! Oh, thou magnanimous! now Ido glory in my
genealogy. But thou art but my fiery father; my sweet mother, Hknow
ot. Oh, cruel! what hast thou done with her? There lies my puzzle: but
thine is greater. Thou knowest not how came ye, hence callest thyself
unbegotten; certainty knowest not thy beginning, hence callest thyself
unbegun. Hknow thal of me, which thou knowest not of thyself, oh, how
omnipotent. There is some unsuiffusing thing beyond thee, thou clear
spirit, to whom all thy eternity is but time, all thy creativeness
mechanical, Through thee, thy Raming self, my soarched eyes do dimly
see it. Oh, thou foundiing fire, thou hermit immemorial, thou too hast
thy ineommunicable riddle, thy unparticipated grief Here again with
‘haughty agony, [read my site. Leap! feap up, and lick the shyt Heap
with thee; burn with thee; would fain be welded with thee: defyingly
worship thee?”

“The boat! the boat? ofied Starbuck, “look at thy boat, old man”

Anab's harpoon, the one forged at Perth’s fre, remained firmly lashed
inits conspicuous crotch, so that it projected beyond his whale-boat's
‘bow; but the sea that had stove its botfom had caused the loose leather
sheath to drop off, and from the keen steet barb there now came a
evelled flame of pale, forked fire. As the silent harpoon burned there

like a serpent's tongue, Starbuck grasped Ahab by the arm—“God, God is
against thee, old man; forbear! ‘tis an if voyage! il begun, i

continued: fet me square the yards, white we may, old man, and make a
fir wind oft homewards, to go on a better voyage than this”
