Nor, ia some things, does the common, hereditary experience of all
‘mankind fail 0 bear witness to the supermaturatism ofthis hue. ft

‘eannot well be doubted, that the one visible quatity in the aspect of

the dead which most appals the gazer, is the marble pallor fingering
there; as ifindeed that pallor were as much fike the badge of
constemation in the other wortd, a8 of mortal trepidation here. And

‘rom that pallor ofthe dead, we horrow the expressive hue ofthe

shroud in which we wrap them. Nor even in our superstitions do we fail
to throw the same snowy mantle round our phantoms, all ghosts rising in
a mik-white fog—Vea, while these terrors seize us, et us add, that

even the king of terrors, when personified by the evangelist ides on

nis palid horse

‘Therefore. in his other moods, symbolize whatever grand or gracious
thing he will by whiteness, no man can deny that in its profoundest
idealized significance it calis up a peculiar apparition to the sou!

But though without dissent this point be fixed, how is mortal man to
account for it? To analyse it, would seem Impossible. Can we, then, by

the citation of some of these instances wherein this thing of
whiteness—though for the time either wholly orin great part stipped

ofall direct associations calculated to impart to it aught fearful,

but nevertheless, is found to exert over us the same sorcery, however
‘modiied;—can we thus hope to light upon some chance clue fo conduct us
to the hidden cause we seek?

Let us try. Sutin a matter fke this, subllety appeals to sublisty,
22nd without imagination no man can fotlow anather into these halls. And
‘though, doubiless, some af least of the imaginative impressians about

to be presented may have been shared by most men, yel few perhaps were
entirely conscious of them at the time, and therefore may not be able

to recall them now.

Why to the man of untulored ideality, who happens to be but joosoly
aoquainted with the peculiar character ofthe day, does the bare
‘mention of Whitsuntide marshal in the fancy such long, dreary,
speechless processions of siow-pacing pilgrims, down-cast and hooded
with new-fallen snow? Gr, to the unread, unsophisticated Protestant of
the Middle American States, why does the passing mention of a White
Far or a White Nun, evoke such an eyeless statue in the sout?

‘Or what is there apart from the traditions of dungeoned warriors and
kings (which wit not wholly account fori that makes the White Tower
‘of London tell so much more strongly on the imagination of an
untravelled American, than those other storied structures, its
neighbors—the Byward Tower, of even the Bloody? And those sublimer
towers, the White Mountains of New Hampshire, whence, in pecutiar
‘moods, comes that gigantic ghostiness over the sou! at the bare
mention ofthat name, white the thought of Virginia's Blue Ridge is

{ull ofa sof, dewy, distant dreaminess? Or why, irespective of all
