“What are you jabbering about, shipmate” said |

*_He’s_got enough, though, to make up for aif deficiencies ofthat
sort in other chaps,” abruptly said the stranger, placing a nervous
‘emphasis upon the word _he_.

“Queequeg,” said I, ie's go; this fellow has broken foose from
somewhere; he's tatking about something and somebody we don't know.”

“Stop¥ oried the stranger. "Ye sald true—ye havn't seen Old Thunder
yet have yer"

"Who's Old Thunder?” said |, again riveted with the insane earnesiness.
ofhis manner,

“Captain Ahab”
“Whall the captain of our ship. the Pequod?”™

“Aye, among some of us old saitor chaps, he goes by thatname. Ye
navin't seen him yet, have ye"

“No, we havn't. He's sick they say, but Is getting better, and wit be
ail right again before tone.”

“Ail right again before tong®” taughed the stranger, with a solemniy
derisive sort of faugh. “Look ye: when Captain Ahab is all ight, then
this tef arm of mine wil be alright, not before”

“What do you know about him?”
“What did they _tetl_ you about him? Say that!”

“They didn't tet! much of anything about him only Ive heard that he's
a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew

“That's true, that's true—yes, both true enough. But you must jump when
he gives an order. Step and growl; grow! and go—that’s the word with
Captain Ahab. But nothing about that thing thal happened to him off
‘Cape Hom, tong ago, when he fay like dead for three days and nights:
nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the Spaniard afore the altar
in Santa?—heard nothing about that, eh? Nothing about the silver
calabash he spat into? And nothing about his losing his leg fast

voyage, according to the prophecy. Didn't ye hear a word about them
‘matters and something more, 2h? No, tdon't think ye did: Row could ye?
Who knows if? Not afl Nantucket, | guess. Bul hows'ever, mayhap, ye've
heard teil about the teg, and how he fostit, aye, ye have heard of

thal, Idare say. Oh yes, _thal_every one knows a'most_tmean they
know he's only one leg; and that a parmacetti took the other off”
