“No branch of Zootogy is so much involved as that which is entitled
Cetology." says Capiain Scoresby, AD. 1820.

“itis not my intention, were itin my power, to enter inta the inquiry

as to the true method of dividing the celacea into groups and families,
*** Utter confusion exists among the historians of this anioral”
(sperm whate), says Surgeon Beale, A.D. 1839.

~Unfitness to pursue our research in the unfathomable waters.”
“Impenetrable veil covering our knowledge of the cetacea."*A field
strewn with thos.” “All these incomplete indications but serve to
torture us naturalists.”

‘Thus speak of the whale, the great Cuvier, and John Hunter, and Lesson,
those lights of zootogy and anatomy. Nevertheless, though of real

knowledge there be litle, yet of books there are a plenty, and so in

‘some smail degree, with cetotogy, or the science af whales. Many are

the men, small and great, old and new, landsmen and seamen, who have at
farge ori ite, weiten of the whale. Run over a few:—The Authars

ofthe Bible; Aristotle; Pliny, Aldsovandi; Sir Thomas Browne; Gesnes,

Ray; Linnaeus; Rondeletius: Witoughby; Green; Artedi, Sibbaid; Brisson,
Marien; Lacépéde; Bonnsterre; Desmarest, Baron Cuvier, Frederick

Cuvier. John Hunter, Owen; Scoresby: Beale; Bennet J. Ross Browne:

the Author of Miriam Coffin; Olmstead: and the Rev. T. Cheever. Butto

what ultimate generalizing purpose ail these have written, the above

cited extracts wil show.

Ofthe names in this list of whale authors, only those following Owen
ever saw tiving whales, and but one of them was a real professional
harpooneer and whaleman. | mean Captain Scoresby. On the separate
subject ofthe Greentand or ight-whale, he is the best existing

authority. But Scoresby knew nothing and says nathing of the great

Spero whale. compared with which the Greeniand whale is almost unworthy
mentioning, And here be it said, that the Greenland whale is an usurper

upon the throne ofthe seas, He is not even by any means the largest of

the whales. Yet, owing to the long prionty offs ctalms, and the

profound ignorance which, til some seventy years back, invested the

then fabulous or utterly unknown sperm-whale, and which ignorance to

this present day sti reigns in all but some few scientific retreats

‘and whale-ports; this usurpation has been every way complete. Reference
to nearly all the jeviathanic allusions in the great poets of past

days, will satisy you that the Greenland whale, without one rival, was

to them the monarch of the seas. But the time has at last come for a

‘new prociamation. This is Charing Cross; hear ye! good people ali,—the
‘Greenland whale is deposed,—the great sperm whale now reigneth!

‘There are only two books in being which at ail pretend to put the
tiving sperm whale before you, and at the same time, in the remotest
degree sucosed in the attempt. Those books are Beale's and Bennett's
