those figid inscriptions on the wall, Whether any of the relatives of
the seamen whose names appeared there were now among the congregation,
Henew not; but sa many are the unrecorded accidents in the fishery.

and so plainly did several women present wear the countenance ifnot

the trappings of some unceasing gvef, that I feel sure that here

before me were assembled those, in whose unhealing hearis the sight of

those bleak tablets sympathetically caused the oid wounds to bleed

afresh

‘Ohlye whose dead tie buried beneath the green grass; wha standing
among flawers can say—here, _here_lies my beloved: ye know not the
‘desolation that broods in bosoms like these. What bitter blanks in

those blaci-bordered marbles which cover no ashes! What despair in
those immovable inscriptions! What deadly voids and unbidden
infideliies in the lines that seem to gnaw upon ail Faith, and refuse
resurrections to the beings who have placelessly perished without 2
‘grave. As well might those tablets stand in the cave of Elephanta as
here

Inwhat census of ving creatures, the dead of mankind are included:
why itis that a universal proverb says of them, that they tell no

tales, though containing more seerets than the Goodwin Sands; how itis
that to his name who yesterday departed for the other world, we prefix
‘so significant and infidel a word, and yet do not thus entitle hie, if

‘he but embarks for the remotes! Indies of this living ear, why the

Life insurance Companies pay death-forfeitures upon immortals; in what
‘stemal, unstiring paralysis, and deadly, hopeless trance, yet ties
antique Adam who died sixly round centuries ago; how itis that we

Stil refuse to be comforted for thase who we nevertheless maintain are
‘dwelling in unspeakable bliss; why ail te living so stive to hush ail

the dead: wherefore but the rumor of a knocking In a tom will tercty
whole city. Ail these things are not without their meanings:

But Faith, tke a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these
dead doubis she gathers her most vital hope.

needs scarcely to be told, with what feelings, on the eve of
Nantucket voyage, !regarded those marble tablets, and by the murky
{ight ofthat darkened, doleful day read the faie ofthe whalemen who
‘had gone before me. Yes, shmaal, the same fate may be thine. But
somehow I grew merry again. Defightful inducements to embark, fine
chance for promotion, it seems—aye, a siove boat will make me an
immortal by brevet. Yes, there is death inthis business of whaling—a
speechiessly quick chaotic bundting of a man into Eternity. But what
then? Methinks we have hugely mistaken this matter of Life and Death.
‘Methinks that what they call my shadow here on earth is my tue.
substance. Methinks that in iooking at things spinal, we are too
‘much fike oysters observing the sun through the water, and thinking
that thick water the thinnest of air. Methinks my body is but the lees

of my better being. In fact take my body who wil, take itt say, itis
