grinning tandiord very pleasantly. cherished no malice towards him,
though he had been skylarking with me not a tite in the matter of my.
bedfeliow,

However, a good taugh is a mighty good thing, and rather too scarce a
‘good thing; the more’s the pity. So, iTany one man, in his own proper
Person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody. tet him not be
‘backward, bullet him cheerfully allow himseif io spend and be spentin
thatway. And the man that has anything bountiully laughable about
‘him, be sure there is more in that man than you perhaps think for.

‘The bar-room was now full othe boarders who had been dropping in the
night previous, and whom [had not as yet had a good look at. They were
nearly all whalemen; chief mates, and second mates, and third mates,

and sea carpenters, and sea coopers, and sea blacksmiths, and
haspooneers, and ship keepers, a brown and brawny company, with bosky
‘beards; an unsharn, shaggy sat, all wearing monkey jackets for moming
gowns.

‘You could pretty plainly te how long each one had been ashore. This,
young fellow’s healthy cheek is ike a sur-toasted pear in hue, and

‘would seent to smei! almost as musky; he cannot have been three days
fanded from his indian voyage. That man next him iooks a few shades.
fighter, you might say a touch of satin wood is in him. tn the

complexion of a third stil ingers a topic tawn, but slightly

bleached withal;_he_doublless has tarried whole weeks ashore. But who
‘epuld show a cheek ike Queequeg? which, baed with various tints,
seemed like the Andes’ wesiem slope, to show forth in one array,
contrasting olimates, zone by zone,

“Grub, hoF now cried the landlord, flnging open a door, and in we
went fo breakfast.

‘They say that men who have seen the world, thereby become quite at ease
in manner, quite seif possessed in company. Nat always, though

Ledyard, the great New England traveller, and Mungo Park, the Scotch
‘one; of all men, they possessed the feast assurance in the partor. But
pethaps the mere crossing of Siberia in a sledge drawn by dogs as,
Ledyard did, or the taking a iong solitary watk on an emply stomach, in

the negro heart of Afica, which was the sum of poor Mungo’s
perfosmances—this kind offravel, I say, may nol be the very best mode
vfattaining a high social polish. Sty, for the most part, that sort

ofthing is to be had anywhere,

“These reflections just here are occasioned hy the circumstance that
ater we were all seated at the table, and Iwas preparing fo hear some:
‘good stories about whaling; to my no smatl surprise, nearly every man
maintained a profound silence. And nat only that, but they looked
embarrassed. Yes, here were a set of sea-dogs, many of whorm without the
slightest bashfulness had boarded great whales on the high seas—entire
