fairly captured and a comse.

‘Consider, now, how it must be in the case of four boats all engaging
one unusually strong, active, and knowing whale; when owing to these
qualities in him, as weil as to the thousand concurring accidents of
such an audacious enterprise, eight or ten foose second irons may be
simultaneously dangling about him. For, af course, each boat is
supplied with several harpoons fo bend on to the tine shout the frst
‘one be ineffectually darted without recovery. All these particulars are
faithfully narrated here, as they will not fail fo elucidate several

‘most important, however intricate passages, in scenes hereafter to be
painted

CHAPTER 64, Stubb's Supper.

‘Stubb's whale had been killed some distance from the ship. Hhwas 2
cairn; s0, forming a tandem of three boats, we commenced the slow
business of towing the trophy to the Pequad. And now, as we eighteen
‘men with our thirty-six arms, and one hundred and eighty thumbs and
fingers, siowly toiled hour afer hour upon that inert, slugaish comse

in the sea; and it seemed hardly to budge at ail, except at iong

intervals; good evidence was hereby furnished of the enormousness of
the mass we moved. For, upon the great canat af Hang-Ho, or whatever
‘they call it, in China, four or five laborers on the foot-path will

draw a bully freighted junk at the rate of a mile an hour; but this

grand argosy we towed heavily forged along, as ifladen with pigtead
in bulk,

Darkness came on: but tree tights up and down in the Pequod’s
main-tigging diay guided our way: tl drawing nearer we saw Ahab
rapping one of several more lanterns aver the bulwarks, Vacantly
eyeing the heaving whale for a moment, he issuad the usual orders for
securing it for the night, and then handing his fantem to a seaman,
went his way into the cabin, and did not come forward again unt
morning.

‘Though, in overseeing the pursuit of thie whale, Captain Ahab had
evinced his customary activity. to call itso: yet now that the

creature was dead, some vague dissatisfaction, of impatience, or

despair, seemed working in him: as ifthe sight of that dead body

seminded him that Moby Dick was yet to be slain and though a thousand
other whales were brought to his ship, ail that would nat ane jot

advance his grand, monomaniac object. Very soon you would have thought
from the sound on the Pequod's decks, that all hands were preparing to
‘east anchor in the deep; for heavy chains are being dragged aiona the
deck, and thrust rating out ofthe port-holes. But by those clanking

links, the vast corpse itself, nat the ship, is lo be moored. Tied by

the head to the stem, and by the tall to the bows, the whale now Hes

with ifs black hull close to the vessel's and seen through the darkness
