‘had been screwed down to the floor. But as soon as the first impse of
sun entered the window, up he got, with stiff and grating joints, but
with a cheerful look; fimped towards me where lay; pressed his
forehead again against mine; and said his Ramadan was over.

Now, as Fbefore hinted, Shave no objection ta any person's religion,
bbe itwhat it may, so fong as that parson does not kil or insult any
‘other person, because that other person dan't believe it also. But when
‘a maf’s retigion becomes really frantic; when itis a positive torment

to him; and, in fine, makes this earth of ours an uncomfortable inn to
fodge In; then | think it high time to take that individual aside and

‘angue the point with hie,

And just so Inow did with Queequeg. “Queequeg,” said | “get into bed
‘new, and fie and tisten to me.” hen went on, beginning with the rise

and progress ofthe primitive religions, and coming down to the various
‘efigions of the present time, during which time labored to show
‘Queequeg that ail these Lents, Ramadans, and prolanged ham-squatings
in pold, cheerless rooms were stark nonsense; bad for the health

useless for the soul; opposed, in short, fo the obvious faws of Hygiene

‘and common sense. Hold him, too, that he being in other things such

an extremely sensible and sagacious savage, it pained me, very badly
pained me, to see him now so deplorably foolish about this ridiculous
Ramadan of his. Besides, argued I fasting makes the body cave in,

‘hence the spin caves in; and afl thoughts born of a fast must

necessarily be half-starved, This is the reason why most dyspeptic
Teligionists cherish such melancholy notions about thelr hereafters. in

‘one word, Queequeg, said |, rather digressively, hell is an idea frst

born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated
through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.

hen asked Queequeg whether he hieseifwas ever troubled with
dyspepsia; expressing the idea very plainly, so that he could take it

in, He said no, only upon one memorable occasion. ttwas after a great
feast given by his father the king, on the gaining of a great battle
wherein fy ofthe enemy had been killed by about two o'clack in the
aftemoon, and all cooked and eaten that very evening

“No more, Queequeg,” said f, shuddering; “that will do; for tknew the
inferences without iis further hinting them. Hhad seen a sailor who
‘had visited that very isiand, and he told me that itwas the custom,
when a great battle had been gained there, to barbecue all the slain in
the yard or garden ofthe victor, and than, one by one, they were
placed in great wooden trenchers, and garnished round like a pilau,
with breadtruit and cocoanuts; and with some parsiey in their mouths,
were sent round with the victor's compliments to all his fiends, just

as though these presents were go many Christmas turkeys,

After aif, }do not think that my remarks about religion made much
impression upon Queequeg. Because, in the frst place, he somehow
