this sort of steady quietude would begin to prevail, habitually, the
silent steersman would wateh the cabin-scuttle; and ere tong the old

‘man would emerge, gripping at the iron banister, to help his crippled
way. Some considering touch of humanity was in him; for at times tke
these, ne usually absiained from patrolling the quarter-deck; because

to his wearied mates, seeking repose within six inches of his ivory

‘neal, such would have been the reverberaling crack and din of that bony
step, that their dreams would have been on the crunching teeth of
sharks. Aut onoe, the mood was on him too deep for common regardings;
‘and as with heavy, umber-tke pace he was measuring the ship from
‘afta to mainmast, Stubb, the old second mate, came up from below,
with 2 ceriain unassured, deprecating humorousness, hinted that iT
Captain Ahab was pleased to walk the planks, then, no one could say
nay, bul there might be some way of muffing the noise: hinting
something indistinctly and hesitatingly about a globe of tow, and the
insertion into it, of the ivory heel. ANT Stubb, thou didst not know

Ahab then,

“Ast | a cannon-ball, Stub,” sald Ahab, “thal hou wouldst wad me that
fashion? But go thy ways; had forgot. Below to thy nightly grave:
where such as ye sleep between shrouds, to use ye to the filing one at
fast Down, dog, and kennel”

Starting at the unforseen concluding exclamation of the so suddenly
scomful old man, Stubb was speechless a moment, then said excitedly,
“Lam nat used to be spoken to that way, sir; }do but less than hat

Tike i, sir”

“Avast! gritied Ahab between his set teeth, and violently moving away,
as ifto avoid some passionate templation,

“No, sit; mot yet” said Stubb, emboldened, “Iwill not tamety be
called a dog, sit”

“Then be called ten times a donkey, and a mule, and an ass, and begone,
orl clear the world ofthee!

As he said this, Ahab advanced upon him with such overbearing terrors,
{in bis aspect, that Stubb involuntarily cetreated,

“Iwas never served so before without giving a hard biow for it”
‘muttered Stubb, as he found himself descending the eabin-souttle. ‘t's

very queer. Stop, Stubb: somehow, now, ! don't weil know whether to go
‘back and stike him, or—what's that?—down here on my knees and pray for
hie? Yes, that was the thought coming up in me; bat it would be the
firsttime Lever _did_pray. i's queer, very queer, and he's queer

too; aye, take him fore and af, he's about the queerest old man Stubb

‘ever sailed with, How he flashed at me!his eyes hike powder-pans! is

‘he mad? Anyway there's something on fis mind, as sure as there must be
something on a deck when it cracke. He aint in his bed now, either,
