withdrawa water, he mariners readily detect any serious feakage in the
precious cargo.

Now, ftom the South and West the Pequod was drawing nigh to Formosa and
the Bashee isles, between which lies ane of he tropical outlets from

the Ching waters into the Pacific. And so Starbuck found Ahab with @

‘general chart af the oriental archipelagoes spread before him. aad

another separate one representing the Jong eastem coasts of the

Japanese isiands—Niphon, Maismai. and Sikoke. With his snow-white new
vary teg braced against the screwed ieg of fis table, and with a tong
‘pruning-hook of a jack-knife in his hand, the wondrous old man, with

his back to the gangway door, was wrinkling his brow, and tracing his

old courses again,

“Who's there?” hearing the footstep at the door, but not turning round
toil. “On deck! Begone

“Captain Ahab mistakes; itis £ The oll in the hold is leaking, sir
We must up Burtons and break out”

“Up Burtons and break out? Now that we are nearing Japan; heave-to here
fora week to tinker a parce! of aid hoops”

“Either do that, sir, or waste in one day more oll than we may make
‘good in a year. What we come twenty thousand miles to get is wosth
saving. si”

“So itis, so itis:iTwe gett
“twas speaking ofthe off in the hold, sir”

*And | was not speaking of thinking of that at all, Begone! Letit
teak! Fm all aleak mysaif. Aye! leaks in feaks! not only full offeaky
casks, but those leaky casks are in a leaky ship; and that's a far
worse plight than the Pequod’s, man. Yet Fdor't stop to plug my jeak:
{for who can find itin the deep loaded hull; or how hope to plug it,
‘even if found, inthis e's howling gale? Starbuck! Mi not have the
Burtons hoisted.”

“What will the owners say, sit?”

“Let the owners stand on Nantucket beach and outyell the Typhoons. What
cares Ahab? Owners, owners? Thau art always prating to me, Starbuck,
about those miserly owners, as ifthe owners were my conscience. But
took ye, the only real owner of anything is its commander: and hark ye,

‘my conscience isin this ship's keel —On deck”

“Captain Ahab,” said the reddening mate, moving further into the cabin,
‘with a daring so strangely respectful and cautious that it stmost
seemed not only every way seeking fo avoid the slightest outward
