wheel at her reverend heim, she sported there a tiles, and that ler
was in one mass, curiousiy carved from the long narrow jower jaw of her
hereditary foe, The heimsman who steered by that filler in a tempest,

felt like the Tartar, when he holds back his fry steed by clutching

its jaw. A noble craft, but somehow a mast melancholy! All noble things
are touched with that.

Now when Hooked about the quarter-deck, for some one having
authority, a order to propose myself as a candidate for the voyage, at
first t saw nobody, but t eould not well overlook a strange sort of

tent, or sather wigwam, pliched a ittle behind the main-mast.

seemed only a temporary erection used in port. twas ofa conical
shape, some fen feet high; consisting ofthe long, huge slabs of fimber
black bone taken from the middie and highest part of the jaws of the
rightavhate. Planted with their broad ends on the deck, a circle of

these slabs laced together, mutually sloped towards each other, and at
the apex united in a tufted point, where the loose halty fibres waved

{0 and fro tke the top-knot on some old Pottowottarrie Sachem's head. A
triangular opening faced towards the bows of the ship, 80 that the
insider commanded a complete view forward

And half concealed in this queer tenement, Latlength found one who by
fis aspect seemed to have authority; and who, it being noon, and the
ship's work suspended, was now enjoying respite from the burden of
‘command, He was seated an an old-fashioned oaken chair, wrigaling all
over with curious carving; and the bottom of which was formed of a

stout interlacing of the same elastic stuff of which the wigwam was
constructed.

‘There was nothing so very pafticular, pechaps, about the appearance of
the elderly man | saw; he was brown and brawny, fike most old seamen,
and heavily sotied up in blue pilot-cioth, cutin the Quaker style,

only there was a fing and almost microscopic net-work of the minutest
wrinkles interlacing round his eyes, which must have arisen from his
‘continual salings in many hard gales, and always looking to
windward:—for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed
together. Such eye-wrinkles are very effectual in a scowl

“fs this the Captain of the Pequod?” sald |, advancing to the door of
the tent

“supposing ithe the caplain of the Pequod, what dost thou want of
him?" he demanded,

“hwas thinking of shipping”

“Thou wast, wast thou? {see thou art no Nantucketer—ever been in a
stove boat?”

“No, Sir, Inever have”
