| stuffed a shirt or two into my old carpet-bag, tucked it under my
‘arm, and started for Cape Hom and the Pacific. Quitting the good city
ofold Manhatto, duly arcived in New Bedford. Htwas a Saturday night
in December. Much was I disappointed upon tearning that the litle
packet for Nantucket had already sailed, and that no way of reaching
that place would offer tl the following Monday.

‘As most young candidates for the pains and penalties of whating stop at
this same New Bedford, thence to embark on their voyage, it may as well
be related that for one, had no idea of so doing. For my mind was

‘made up to sail in no other than 2 Nantucket craft, because there was 2
fine, boisterous something about everything connected with that famous
old istand, which amazingly pleased me. Besides though New Bedford has
oflate been gradually monopolising the business of whaling, and though
in this matter poor old Nantucket is now much behind her, yet Nantucket
was her great original_the Tyre of this Carthage;—the place where the
first dead American whale was stranded, Where else but from Nantuckat
did those aboriginal whalemen. the Red-Men, fist sally outin canoes

to give chase to the Leviathan? And where but fom Nantucket, too, did
that frst adventurous lite sloop put forth, partly iaden with

imported cobblesiones—so goes the slory—to throw at the whales, in

order to discover when they were nigh enough to risk a harpoon from the
bowspait?

Now having a night, a day, and stil another night following before me
in New Bedford, ere | could embark for my destined port, itbecame 2
matter of concerment where Iwas to eatand sleep meanwhile, Has a
very dubious-fooking, nay, a very dark and dismal night, bitngly cold

and cheerless. knew no one in the place. With anxious grapnets thad
sounded my packet, and onty brought up a few pieces of sitver—So,
wherever you go, Ishmael, said to myself, as stood in the middie of

a dreary street shouldering my bag, and comparing the gloom towards the
north with the darkness towards the south—wherever in your wisdom you
‘may conclude to ledge for the night, my dear Ishmael, be sure to

inguire the price, and don't be too particular.

With hatting steps fpaced the streets, and passed the sign of “The
‘Crossed Harpoons’—but it iooked too expensive and jotly there. Further
‘on, from the bright red windows of the “Sword-Fish inn,” there came
such fervent rays, that it seemed to have melted the packed snow and
ice from before the house, for everywhere else the congealed frost lay
ten inches thick in a hard, asphaltic pavement —rather weary for me,
when Isiruck my foot against the finty projections, because from.

‘hard, remorseless service the soles of my boots were in a most
miserable plight. Too expensive and jolly, again thought | pausing one
moment to waich the broad glare in the street, and hear the sounds of
the iniding glasses within. But go on, ishmael, said rat ast, don’t

you hear? get away from before the door, your patched boots are
stopping the way. So on Iwent. !now by instinct followed the streets
