here, Beeizebub, you don’t do i, and The makes any fuss, by the Lord
Fimake a grab into his pocket for his tal, tate itto the capstan,

and give him such a wrenching and heaving. that his tail wil come
shot offal the stump—do you see; and then, Hrather guess when he
‘nds himself docked in that queer fashion, he'll sneak off without the
p00T satisfaction of feeling his tail between his legs.”

“And what wil you do with the tail, Stab?”
“Do with i? Sell itor an ox whip when we get home;—what else?”

Now, do you mean what you say, and have been saying ai! along, Stub?
“Mean or not mean, here we are atthe ship”

‘The boals were here hailed, to tow the whale on the larboard side,
where fluke chaine and other nevessaries were already prepared far
securing him,

“Didn't Hell you 20” said Flask; "yes, you'l soon see this right,
whate’s head hoisted up opposite that parmacett's.”

In good time, Flask's saying proved true. As before, the Pequod steeply
teaned over iowards the sperm whaie's head, now. by the counterpoise of
both heads, she regained her even keel, though sorely strained, you may
well believe. So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you 90
over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant’s and you come
back again; but n very poor plight. Thus, some minds for ever keep
‘simming boat. Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard,
‘and then you will float light and right

In disposing of the body of aright whale, when brought alongside the
ship, the same preliminary proceedings commonly take place asin the
case ofa sperm whale: oniy, in the latter instance, the head is cut
offwhole, but in the former the lips and tongue are separately removed
and hoisted an dack, with all the well known black bone attached to
what is calted the crown-piece. But nothing like this, in the present
case, had been done. The carcases of bath whales had dropped astern:
and the head-laden ship nota ite resembled a mule carrying a pair
bfoverburdening panniers.

Meantime, Fedaliah was calmly eyeing the right whale's head, and ever
and anon glancing fram the deep wainkles there to the fines in his owo
‘hand, And Ahab chanced so to stand, that the Parsee occupied his
shadow: while, ifthe Parsee’s shadow was there at allt seemed only
to blend with, and tengthen Ahab's, As the crew toiled on, Laplandish
speculations were bandied among them, conceming all these passing
things.
