furious, What then remained?

‘Of all the wondrous devices and dexteriies, the sleights othand and
countless sublieties, to which the veteran whaleman is go often forced,
none exceed that fine manceuvte with the tance catted pitehpoling. Small
sword, of broad sword, in alts exerciges boasts nothing like it.

{is only indispensable with an inveterate cunning whale; iis grand fact,
‘and feature is the wonderful distance to which the long lane is
‘accurately darted from a violently rocking, jerking boat, under extreme
headway. Steel and wood included, the entire spearis some ten or
twelve feet in fength; the staffis much slighter than that of the

‘pampoon, and also of a lighter material—pine. ttis furnished with »

small rope called 2 warp, of considerable length, by which it can be
hauled back to the hand afer darting

But before going further, itis important to mention here, that though
the harpoon may be pitchpoled in the same way with the tance, yetitis
seldom done: and when done, is stil fess frequently successful, on
account of the greater weight and inferior length of the harpoon as
compared with the lance, which in effect become serious drawbacks. As 3
general thing, therefore, you must frst get fast to a whale, before

any pitchpoling comes into play.

‘Look now at Stubb; 2 man who from his humorous, deliberate coviness and
‘equanimity in the direst emergencies, was specially qualified to excet
in pitehpoting. Look at him: he stands uprightin the tossed bow of the
ying boat: wrapt in Reecy foam, the towing whale Is forty feet

ahead. Handling the tong tance lighty, glancing twice oF thrice along
Its length to see ifit be exactly straight, Stubb whistingly gathers

up the coll of the warp in one hand, go as to secure its fee end in

‘bis grasp, leaving the rest unobstructed. Then holding the lance full
before his waistband's middle, he tevels it at the whale; when,
covering him with ithe steadily depresses the putt-end in his hand,
thereby elevating the point tit the weapon stands fairly balanced upon
‘his paim, ffteen feet in the alr. He minds you somewhat of a jugaler,
balancing a fong staff on his chin, Next moment with a rapid, nameless
impulse, in a superb fofty arch the bright steel spans the foaming
distance, and quivers in the fife spot of the whale. Instead of

sparkling water, he now spouts red blood,

“That drove the spigot out of him" cried Slubb. “Tis July's immortal
Fourth; all fountains must run wine today! Would now, itwere old
Orteans whiskey, or bid Ohio, or unspeakable old Monongahela! Then,
Tashtego, lad, fd have ye hold a canakin to the jet, and we'd drink
‘round if Yea, verily, hearts alive, we'd brew choioe punch in the
spread of his spauthole there, and from that live puneh-bow! quaffthe
fiving stuf”

Again and again to such gamesome talk, the dexterous dart is repeated,
the spear retuming to its master fike @ greyhound held in skilful
