survives and hovers over it to scare. Espied by some timid man-of-war
or blundering discovery-vessel from afar, when the distance obscuring
the swarming fowis, nevertheless stil shows the white mass floating in
the sun, and the white spray heaving high agains! it straightway the
whale's unharming corpse, with trembling fingers is sat down in the
Jog—_shoals, rocks, and breakers hereabouls: heware!_And for years
allerwards, perhaps, ships shun the place; leaping over it as silly

sheep leap over a vacuum, because their leader originally leaped there
when a stick was held. There's your law of precedents; there's your
utiuly of taditons: there's the story of your obstinate survival of

‘ld beliefs never hotiomed on the earth, and now not even hovering in
the aist There's orthodoxy!

‘Thus, while in ie the great whaie's body may have been a real terror
to his foes, n his death his ghost becomes a powerless panic to a
world,

Ase you a believer in ghosts, my fiend? There are other ghosts than
the Cook-Lane one, and fer deeper men than Doctor Johnson whe believe
in them,

CHAPTER 70. The Sphynx.

H should not have been omited that previous to compietety stripping
the body of the leviathan, he was beheaded. Now, the beheading of the
‘Sperm Whale is a scientific anatomical feat, upan which experienced
whale surgeons very much pride themselves: and not without reason.

‘Consider that the whale has nothing that can properly be called a neck,
‘on the contrary, where his head and body seem to join, there, in that
very place, is the thickest part of him. Remember, also, that the
surgeon must operate from abave, some eight or ten feat intervening
between him and his subject, and that subject almost hidden in a
discoloured, rolling, and ofentimes tumultuous and bursting sea. Bear
in mind, too, that under these untoward circumstances he has to cut
many feet deep in the flesh; and in that subterrancous manner, without
so much as getting one single peep into the ever-contracting gash thus,
made, he must skilluly steer clear ofall adjacent, interdicted parts,

and exactly divide the spine at a cntical point hard by its insertion

into the skull. Do you not marvel, then, at Stubb's boast, that he
demanded but ten minutes fo behead a sperm whale?

‘When first severed, the head is dropped aster and held there by a
‘cable til the body is stipped. That done. iit betong to 2 small

whale itis hoisted on deck to be deliberately disposed of. But, with a
full grown Jeviathan this is impossibie; or the sperm whale’s head
‘embraces nearly one third of his entire bulk, and completely to suspend
such a burden as that, even by the immense tackles ofa whaler, this,
were as vain a thing as to attempt weighing a Dutch barn in jewellers’
