‘spars, and spare lines and harpoons, and spare everythings, almost, but
a spare Captain and duplicate ship.

Atthe period of our arrival atthe Island, the heaviest storage of the
Pequed had been almost completed; comprising her beef, bread, walter,
fuel, and iron hoops and staves. But, as before hinted, for some time
there was a continual felching and carrying on board of divers odds and
‘ends of things, both large and smait

Chietamong those whe did this fetching and carying was Captain
Siidad's sister, a tean old tady of a most determined and indefatigable
spirit, bt withal very kindheared, who seemed resotved that, _she_
‘ould help it, nothing should be found wanting in the Pequod, alter

‘once faidy getting to sea. At one time she would come on board with a

jar of pickles for the steward's pantry; another time with a buneh of

‘uilis for the chief mate's desk, where he kept his fog; g third time

with a roll of fannel far the email of some one’s rheumatic back.

Never did any woman better deserve her name, which was Charity—Aunt
Charity, as everybody called her. And tke a sister of charity did this,
charitable Aunt Chasity bustle about hither and thither, ready to turn

‘ner hand and heart to anything that promised to yield safety, comfort,

‘and consolation to ali on board a ship in which her beloved brother
Bildad was concerned, and in which she herself owned a soore ar two of
well-saved dollars.

But itwas starting to see thie excellent hearted Quakeress coming on
board, as she did the last day, with a jong oll-ladie in one hand, and

22 stil ionger whaling lance in the other. Nor was Bildad himsetf nor
‘Captain Peleg at all backward. As for Bitdad, he carried about with him

2 tong list of the articles needed, and al every fresh arrival, down

went his mark opposite that article upon the paper. Every once in a

while Peleg came hobbling out ofhis whalebone den, roaring at the men
down the hatchways, roaring up to the riggers at he mast-head, and
then concluded by roaring back into his wigwam.

During these days of preparation, Queequeg and loften visited the
craft, and as often Fasked about Captain Ahab, and how he was, and
when he was going to come on hoard his ship. To these questions they
would answer, thathe was getting better and better, and was expected
aboard every day, meantime, the hvo captains, Peleg and Bildad, could
attend to everything necessary to fit the vessel for the voyage. HT

had been downright honest with myself, !would have seen very plainly

in my heart that fdid but half fancy being committed this way to so

Jong a voyage. without once taying my eyes on the man who was to be the
absolute diciator ofit, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open

sea. Bul when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that ifhe
be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up

‘nis suspicions even from himself And much this way itwas with me.

said nothing, and tried to think nothing
