chased his prey_more a demon than 3 mant_aye, ayel what a forty years’
fool—foot—old fool, has ald Ahab been! Why this sirfe of the chase?

why weary, and palsy the arm at the oar, and the iron, and the tance?

‘how the richer or betler is Ahab now? Behold. Oh, Starbuck’ is itnot

‘hard, that with this weary foad I bear, one poor leg should have been
snatched from under me” Here, brush this old hair aside; itbinds me,
that I seem to weep. Locks so grey did never grow but fram out same
ashes! But do Hook very old, so very, very old, Starbuck? tee!

deadly faint, bowed, and humped, as though I were Adam, staggering
beneath the piled centuries since Paradise. God! God! God!—erack my
heart!—stave my brainl—mockeryt mockery! bitter, biting mockery of rey
hairs, have Hived enough joy to weas ye; and seem and feel thus.
Intolerably old? Closel stand close to me, Starbuck: tet me look into a
‘human eye; itis better than to gaze into seu oF sky, better than io

gaze upon God. By the green land; by the bright hearth-stone! this is,

the magic glass, man; !see my wife and my child in fhine eye. No, no;
slay on board, an board!—lower not when Ida: when branded Ahab gives
‘chase fo Moby Dick That hazard shail not be thine, No, not not with

the far away home [see in that eye”

“Oh, my Capiain! my Captain! noble soul! grand old heart, afer ai!
why should any one give chase to that hated fish! Away with met et us.
fy these deadly waters! let us homet Wife and child, too, are

Starbuck's —wife and child of his brothenly, sisterty, play fellow:

youth; even as thine, sir, are the wife and child of thy foving,

fonging, paternal old age! Away! tet us away!—this instant fet me alter
the course! How cheerily, how hilariously, O my Captain, would we bow!
on our way to see old Nantucket again’ Fihink, sir, they have some

such mild blue days, even as this, in Nantucket”

“They have, thay have. Ihave sean them—some summer days in the
morning. About this time—yes, itis his noon nap row—the boy
vivaciously wakes; sits up in bed: and his mother tells him of me, of,
cannibal old me; how fam abroad upon the deep, but will yet come back
to dance him again.”

“Tis my Mary, my Mary herself! She promised that my boy, every
‘morning, should be caried to the hill to catch the first alimpse of

his father's saill Yes, yest no moret its dona! we head for

Nantucket! Come, my Captain, study out the course, and let us sway!
See, see! the boy's face from the window! the boy's hand on the hii”

But Ahab’s glance was averiad; ike a blighted fruit tee he shook, and
‘ast his last, cindered apple to the sol

“What is it, what nameless, inscrutable, unearthly thing is it what
cozening, hidden tord and master, and cruel, remorseless emperor
commands me; that against all natural lavings and fongings, tso keep
pushing, and crowding, and jariming myseif on at! the fime; recklessly
‘making me ready to do what in my own proper, natural heart, tdurst not
