out that this alleged reptite was a whale, though of departed
species. A significant illustration of the fact, again and again

tepeatad in this book, that the skeleton of the whate furnishes but

litle clue to the shape of his fully invested body. So Owen

Techvistened the monster Zeugiodon; and in his paper read before the
London Geological Society, pronounced it, in substance, one of the most
extraordinary creatures which the mutations of the globe have blotted
out of existance.

When Istand among these mighty Leviathan skeletons, skulls tusks,
jaws, tbs, and vertebre, all characterized by partial resemblances to

the existing breeds of sea-monsters, but at the same time bearing on

the other hand similar affinities to the annihilated antichranical

Leviathans, their incalculable seniors; fam, by a flood, bone back to

that wondrous period, ere time itself oan he said to have begun: for

lume began with man. Here Saturn's grey chaos rolls over me, and F

obtain dim, shuddering glimpses into those Polar etemnities; when

wedged bastions ofice pressed hard upon what are now te Tropes: and
{in ail the 25,000 miles ofthis world's circumference, not an

inhabilable hand's breadth of land was visible. Then the whote world

was the whale's; and, king of creation, he left his wake along the

present ines of the Andes and the Himmaichs, Who can show a pedigree
{ike Leviathan? Ahab's harpoon had shed older blood than the Pharaoh's.
Methuselah seems a schoo!-boy. Fook round to shake hands with Shem. F
‘am horrer-struck at this antemosaie, unsouread existence ofthe
unspeakable terrors ofthe whale, which, having been befare ail time,

must needs exist after all humane ages are over.

[But not alone has this Leviathan eft his pre-adamite traces in the
stereotype plates of nature, and in limestone and mar bequeathed his
‘ancient bust: but upon Egyptian tablets, whose antiquity seems to claim
for them an almost fossilferous character, we find the unmistakable

print of his fr. in an apariment ofthe great temple of Denderah, some

fifty years ago, there was discovered upan the granite ceiling a
sculptured and painted ptanisphere, abounding in centaurs, griffine,

and doiphins, similar to the grotesque figures on the celestial globe

ofthe modems. Gliding among them, old Leviathan swam as of yore: was.
there swimming in that planisphere, centuries before Solomon was
eradied

Nor must there be omitted another strange attestation of the antiquity
ofthe whale, in his own osseous post-dituvian reality, as set down by
the venerable John Leo, the ald Barbary traveler.

“Not far from the Sea-side, they have a Temple, the Raflers and Beams
of which are made of Whale-Bonas: for Whates of a monstrous size are
oftentimes cast up dead upon that shore. The Common Peopie Imagine,
that by a secret Power bestowed by God upon the Temple, no Whale can
pass it without immediate death. But the truth ofthe Matter is, that

‘on either side ofthe Temple, there are Rocks that shoot two Miles into
