Inthe second engraving, the host is in the act of drawing alongside
the bamacied Rank ofa large running Right Whale, that rolls his

black weedy bulk in the sea fike some mossy rack-sfide from the
Patagonian cif. Mis jets are erect, full, and black ike soot: so

thal fiom so abounding a smoke in the chimney, you would think there
‘must be a brave supper cooking in the great bowels below. Sea fowls are
pecking at the small crabs, shellfish, and other sea candies and
‘maccaroni, which the Right Whale sometimes carries on his pestilent
back. And all the while the thick-ipped leviathan is rushing through

the deep, leaving tons of tumultuous white curds in his wake, and
causing the slight boat fo rock in the swells like a skif caught nigh

the padile-wheels of an ocean steamer, Thus, the foreground is all
raging commotion; but behind, in admirable artistic contrast, is the

glassy level of a sea becalmed, the drooping unstarched sails of the
powerless ship, and the inert mass of a dead whale, a conquered
fortress, with the flag of capture tazily hanging from the whale-pole
inserted into his spouthole.

Who Garnery the painters, or was, tknow not. But my fife forithe
was either practically conversant with his subject, or else

‘marvellously tutored by some experienced whaleman. The French are the
{ads for painting action. Go and gaze upon al the paintings of Europe,
and where will you find such a gallery offiving and breathing

‘commotion on canvas, as in that triumphal hail at Versailles; where the
beholder fights his way, pelt-mel, through the consecutive great

battles of France; where every sword seems a flash ofthe Northern

Lights, and the successive armed kings and Emperors dash by, Tike a
charge of crowned centaure? Nat wholly unworthy of a piace in that
gatlery, are these sea battie-pieces of Garnery.

‘The natural aptitude of the French for seizing the pieturesqueness of
things seems to be peculiarly evinced in what paintings and engravings
they have oftheir whating scenes. With not one tenth of England's
experience in the fishery, and not the thousandth part of that ofthe
Americans, they have nevertheless furnished bath nations with the only
finished sketches at all capable of conveying the real spirit ofthe

whale hunt, For the most part, the English and American whale
raughtsmen seem entirely content with presenting the mechanical
‘outline of things, such as the vacant profile ofthe whale; which, 50

far as picturesqueness of effect is concemed, is about tantamount to
sketching the profile of a pyramid. Even Sooresby, the justly renowned
Right whaleman, after giving us a stif full ength of the Greentand
whale, and three or four delicate miniatures of narwhales and
porpoises, treats us to a series of classical engravings of boat hooks,
‘chopping knives, and grapnels, and with the microscopic diligence of a
‘Leuwenhoeck submits tothe inspection of shivering world ninaty-six
fac-similes of magnified Arctic snow crysiats. I mean no disparagement
to the excellent voyager (I honor him for a veteran}, but in so

important a matter it was certainty an oversight nat io have procured

{or every crystal a swom affidavit laken before a Greeniand Justice of
