He commenced dressing at top by danning his beaver hat, a very tall
‘one, by the by, and then—stll minus his trowsers—he hunted up his

boots, What under the heavens he did itfor, Foannot tel, but his

next movement was to crush himself—boots in hand, and hat on—under the
bed; when, from sundry violent gaspings and strainings, t inferred he

was hard at work boating himself though by no taw of propriety that |

ever heard of, is any man required to be private when patting on his,

boots. But Queequeg, do you see, was a creature in the transition
stage—neither caterpillar nor buttery. He was just enough civilized

to show off his oullandishness in the strangest possible manners. His
‘education was not yet completed. He was an undergraduate. fhe had not
been a small degree civilized, he very probably would not have troubled
‘himself with boats at all but then, ithe had not been stil a savage,

he never would have dreamt of getting under the bed to put them on. At

ast, he emerged with his hal very much dented and crushed down over

hig eyes, and began creaking and limping about the room, asi nat

‘being much accustomed to boots, his pair of damp, wrinkled cowhide
‘enes—probably not made to order either—rather pinched and tormented him
at the frst go off ofa bitter cold morning,

Seeing, now, that there were no curtains to the window, and that the
street being very narrow, the house opposite commanded a pisin view
into the room, and observing more and more the indecorous figure that
‘Queeques made, staving about with litte else but his hat and boots on;
Hbegged him as well as I could, to accelerate his toilet somewhat, and
particularly to get into his pantaioons as soon as possible. He

‘complied, and then proceeded to wash himself At that time in the
moming any Christian would have washed his face: but Queequeg, to my
amazement, contented himself with restricting his ablutions to his

chest, arms, and hands. He then donned his waistcoat, and taking up a
pigoe ofhard soap on the wash-stand centre table, dipped it into water
‘and commenced Jathering his fave. twas watching to see where he kept
his razor, when fo and behold, he takes the harpoon from the bed

comer, slips out the lang wooden stock, unsheathes the head, whets it

a tite o7 his boot, and sbiding up to the bit of mirror against the

wall, begins a vigorous scraping, of rather harpooning ofhis cheeks.
‘Thinks f, Queequeg, this is using Rogers's best culery with a

vengeance, Afterwards | wondered the less at this operation when Ieame
to know ofwhat fine steal the head of a harpoon is made, and how
exceedingly sharp the tong staight edges are always kept.

‘The rast of his tollet was soon achieved, and he proudly marched out af
the room, wrapped up in his great pilot monkey jacket, and sporting his
‘harpoon like a marshal's baton

CHAPTER 5, Breakfast,

+ quieity followed suit, and descending into the bar-room accosted the
