“What soulless thing is this that laughs before a wreck? Man, man! did
not know thee brave as fearless fre (and as mechanical} could
swear thou wert a pottroon, Groan nor laugh should be heard before a
wreck”

“Aye. sir” sald Starbuck drawing near, “tis 2 solemn sight, an omen,
and ani one.”

“Omen? omen?—the dictionary! ifthe gods think to speak outright io
‘man, they will honorably speak outright: nat shake thelr heads, and

give an old wives’ darting hint Begone! Ye two are the opposite poles
‘fone thing: Starbuck is Stubb reversed, and Stubb is Starbuck: and ye

two are all mankind: and Ahab stands slone among the millions afthe
peopled earth, nor gods nor men his neighbors! Cold, cold shiver!_How
now? Aloft theret D'ye see him? Sing out for every spout, though he
spoutten times a second?”

‘The day was nearly done; only the hem of his golden robe was rustling
Soon, itwas almost dark, but the fook-out men stif remained unset.

“Can't see the spout now, sir—too dark"—cried a voce from the air.
“How heading when fast seen?”
“As before, si,—straight to leeward”

“Good! he will travel slower now ‘is night. Down royals and
top-gattant stun-saits, Mr. Starbuck. We must nat run over him before
morning; he's making a passage now. and may heave-to a while. Helm
there! keep her full before the wind! Aloft come down!—Mr. Stubb, send
a fresh hand to the fore-mast head, and see it manned ti!
‘srorning."—Then advancing towards the doubioon in the main-mast
this gold is mine, for Learned it but I shall fet it abide here i

the White Whale is dead; and then, whosnever of ye first raises him,
upon the day he shail be kiled, this gold is thal man’s; and iTon
that day t ehail again raise him, then, ten limes its sum shall be
divided among ail af ya! Away now! the deck is thine, sit”

"Men,

 

And so saying, he placed himself haifway within the scuttle, and
slouching his hat, siood there til dawn, except when at intervals
rousing himseifto see how the night wore on

CHAPTER 134, The Chase—Second Day.

Atday-break, the three mastheads were punclually manned afresh,

“D'ye see him?" cried Ahab after allowing a litle space for the fight
to spread,
