‘grim sign of the Thunder Cloud. Upon the whole, thought that the
275th tay would be about the fair thing, but would not have been
surprised had Fbeen offered the 200th, considering Iwas af
broad-shoulderad make,

But one thing, nevertheless, that made me a fitte distrustful about
receiving a generous share of the profits was this: Ashore, thad heard
something of both Captain Pateg and his unaccountable ofd crony Bildad
how that they being the principal praprietors of the Pequod, therefore

the other and more inconsiderable and scattered owners, lef nearly the
whole management of the ship's affairs to these two. And did not know
but what the stingy old Bidad might have a mighty deal to say about
shipping hands, especially as I now found him an board the Pequod,
auite athome there in the cabin, and reading his Bible as fat his

own fireside. Now while Peleg was vainly trying to mend a pen with his,
jack-knife, old Bildad, to my no small surprise, considering that he

was such an interested patty in these proceedings, Bildad never heeded
us, but went on mumbling to himself out of his book, ~_Lay_not up for
yourselves ireasures upon earth, where moth

“Well, Captain Bildad,” intermupted Peleg, “what d'ye say, what lay
shail we give this young man?™

“Thou knowest best” was the sepuichral reply, “the seven hundred and
seventy-seventh wouldn't be too much, would it? "where moth and rust do
corrupt, but_fay_—"

_Lay_, indeed, thought f, and such a lay! the seven hundred and
‘Sseventy-seventh! Well, old Bildad, you are determined that | for one,
shall not_iay_up many _lays_here below, whete moth and rust do
‘orupt. iwas an exceedingly _fong fay_that, indeed: and though from
the magnitude of the figure it might at frst deceive a fandsman, yet

the slightast consideration will show that though seven hundred and
seventy-seven is a pretty targe number, yet, when you come ta make @
_teenth_ofit, you witl then see, I say, that the seven hundred and
Seventy-seventh par ofa farthing is a good deal less than seven
‘hundred and seventy-seven gold doubloons; and so | thought at the time.

 

“Why, blast your eyes, Bildad, cried Peleg, “thou dost not want to
swindie this yaung manf he must have more than that.”

“Seven hundred and seventy-seventh, again said Bildad, without ffting
his eyes: and then went on mumbling —for where your teasure is, thers
will your heart be iso.”

“Lam going to put him down for the three hundredth” said Peleg, “do
ye hear that, Bildad! The three hundredth lay, ( say.”

Bildad taid down his book, and turning solemnly towards him sald,
“Captain Peleg, thou hast a generous heart; but thou must consider the
