found it strangely concreted into lumps, Neve and there rotting about
in the liquid part. was our business to squeeze these fumps back

inio fluid. A sweet and unctuous duty! No wonder that in ofd times this
sperm was such a favourite cosmetic. Such a clearer! such a sweetener!
such a softener! such a daficious molifer! After having my hands in it

‘or only a few minutes, my Ringers felt ike sets, and beyan, as it

were, io serpentine and spiratise.

As Isat there al my ease, cross-egged on the deck: after the bitter
‘exertion at the windlass; under a blue tranquil sky: the ship under
indolent sail, and gliding so serenely along: as tbathed my hands
among thase sof, gentle globules of infitrated tissues, woven almost
within the hour: a8 they richly broke to my fingers, and discharged ail
their oputence. tke fully pe grapes their wine; as I snuffed up that
uncontaminated aroma.—iteratly and truly, like the smeil of spring
violets; F declare to you, that for the time Hived as in a musky
meadow, [orgat all about our horrible oatty in that inexpressibie
sperm, Iwashed my hands and my heart oft: taimost began fo credit
the old Paracelsan superstition that sperm is ofrare virtue in

allaying the heat of anger, while bathing in that bath, Helt divinely
free from ail W-wit, or petulanoe, or matics, of any sort

whatsoever.

Squeeze! squeeze! squeeze! all the moming tong; [squeezed that sperm
‘iH [myself almost melted into it, squeezed that sperm til a

strange sort af insanity came aver me: and I found myself unwittingly
squeezing my co-laborers’ hands in it, mistaking their hands for the

‘gentle globules. Such an abounding, affectionate, fiendly, loving

feeling did this avocation beget; that attast !was continually

‘squeezing their hands, and iooking up into their eyes sentimentally; as
‘much as to say.—Oh! my dear feltow beings, why should we longer cherish
any social acerbities, or know the stightest humor or envy! Come:

fet us squeeze hands ail round; nay, let us all squeeze ourselves into

each other, let us squeeze ourselves universally into the very milk and
sperm of kindness.

Would that | could keep squeezing that snerm for ever! For now, since
by many prolonged, repeated experiences, [have perceived that in all
cases man must eventually lower, of at least shift, his conceit of
attainable felicity: not placing it anywhere in the intellect or the

‘fancy. but in the wife, the heart, the bed, the table, the saddle, the
fireside, the country, now that [have perceived ail this, Fam ready

to squeeze case etemaily. In thoughts of the visions of the night. +

saw jong rows of angels in paradise, each with his hands in a jar of
spermaceti

Now, while discoursing of spesm, it behooves to speak of other things
akin toil, in the business of preparing the sperms whale for the
‘ry-works.
