object in boarding the Pequod. He desired that ship to unite with his
‘own in the search; by sailing over the sea some four or five aiites,
apart, on paraitel ines, and so sweeping 2 double horizon, as it were

“Iwill wager something now,” whispered Slubb to Flask, “that some one
{in that missing boat wore off that Captain's best coat, mayhap. his
‘watch—he's so cursed anxious to get it back. Who ever heard of two
pious whale-ships cruising after one missing whale-boat in the height
ofthe whating season? See, Flask, only see how pale he looks —pate in
the very buttons of his eyes—took—it wasn't the coat_it must have been
the

 

“My boy, my own boy is among them. For God's sake—Ibeg, +
conjure”—here exciaimed the stranger Captain to Ahab, who thus fer had
‘but lily received his petition, “For eight-and-forty hours fet me

charter your ship—t wil gladly pay forit, and roundly pay for it_it

there be no other way—for eight-and-forty hours only—only that—you
must, oh, you must, and you _shail_do this thing.”

“His sont cried Stubb, “oh, i's his son he's fost! Hake back the
coat and waich—what says Ahab? We must save that boy.”

“He's drowned with the rest on ‘em, last night, said the old Manx
sailor standing behind them, “theard, all of ye heard their spirits”

Now, as it shortly turned out, what made this incident of the Rachel's
the mote melancholy, was the circumstance, that not only was one of the
Captain's sons among the number of the missing boat's crew; but among
the number of the other boat's crews, al the same time, buton the

other hand, separated from the ship during the dark vicissitudes of the
chase, there had been si! another son: as that fora time, the

wreiched father was plunged to the bottom of the crueiiest perplexity;
‘which was only solved for him by his chief mate's instinctively

adopting the ordinary procedure af a whale-ship in such emergencies,
that is, when placed between jeopardized bu divided boats, always to
ick up the majority frst. But the captain, for some unknown
constitutional reason, had refrained from mentioning all this, and not

{il forced to it by Ahab's iciness did he allude to his one yet

missing boy; a lille tad, but twelve years ald, whose father with the
earnest but unmisgiving hardinood of a Nantucketer's paternal iove, had
thus early sought to initiate him in the perils and wonders of 2

vocation almost immemarially the destiny of all his race. Nor does it
unftequently occur, that Nantucket captains will send a son of such
tender age away from them, for a protracted three or four years' voyage
{in some other ship than their own; so that their frst knowledge of a
whaleman's career shall be unenervated by any chance display of a
father's natural but untimely partially, or undue apprehensiveness and

Meantime, now the stranger was stil beseeching his poor boon of Ahab;
