‘sea-gods had ordained that he should soon become my shipmate (though
but a steeping-pariner one, so far as this narrative is conoarned),

will here venture upon a little description of him. He stood full six

feet in height, with nobie shoulders, and a chest fke a coffer-dam.t

have seldom seen such brawn in a man. His face was deeply brown and
‘bumt, making his white teeth dazzling by the contrast, white in the

deep shadows of his eyes floated same reminiscences that did not seem
to pive fim much joy. His voice at once announced that he was 3
Southerner, and from his fine stature, H thought he must be ane of

those tail mountaingers from the Alleghanian Ridge in Virginia. When

the revelry of his companions had mounted to its height, this man
slipped away unobserved, and | saw no more of him ti he became my.
‘comrade on the sea. ina few minutes, however, he was missed hy his
shipmates, and being, it seems, for some reason a huge favourite with
them, they raised a cry of Bulkington! Bulkington! where's

Buikingion?” and darted out of the house in pursuit of him,

twas now about nine o'clock, and the som seeming almost
supematurally quiet after these orgies, ! began to congratulate myself
‘upon a ftte plan that had occurred to me just previous to the
entrance ofthe seamen,

No man prefers to sleep two in a bed. Infact, you would a good deat
rather not sleep with your own brother. don't know how itis, but
people like to be private when they are sleeping. And when it comes to
sleeping with an unknown stranger, in a strange inn, in a strange town,
and that stranger 2 harpooneer, then your objections indefinitely
‘muttiply. Nor was there any earthly reason why |as a sailor should
sleep two in a bed, more than anybody else: for sailors no more sleep
two in a bed at sea, than bachelor Kings do ashore. To be sure they all
sleep together in one apartment, but you have your own hammock, and
‘cover yourself with your own Dianket, and sleep in your own skin

‘The more | pondered over this harpooneer, the more | abominated the
thought of sleeping with him. twas fair to presume that being 2
‘arpooneer. his linen or woollen, as the case might be, would not be of
the tidiest, certainly none of the fnast. began to twitch all over.

Besides, itwas getting fate, and my decent harpooneer ought to be home
and going bedwards. Suppose now. he should tumble in upon me at
‘midnight—how could Hell from what vile hole he had been coming?

“Landiorat ve changed my mind about that harpooneer —t shan'tsleep
‘with him. 1 try the bench here.”

“Just as you please; fm sorry Ican't spare ye a tablectoth for a
mattress, and it's a plaguy rough board here"—feeling of the knols and
notches. “But wait a bit, Skrimshander, 've got a carpenter's plane:
there in the bar—wait, | say, and Iii make ye snug enough” So saying
he procured the plane; and with his old sitk handkerchief frst dusting
the bench, vigorously set to planing away at my bed, the while grinning

 

 
