But had Stubb really abandoned the poor lite negro to his fate? No;
the did not mean to, at teast. Because there were two boats in his wake,
and he supposed, no doubi, that they would of course come up to Pip
‘very quickly, and pick him up; though, indeed, such considerations
towards oarsmen jeopardized through their own timidity, is not always
‘manifested by the hunters in all sinilar instances, and such instances
not unfrequentty occur, almost invariably in the fishery, a coward, so
called, is marked with the same ruthless detestation peculiar to

atitary navies and armies.

Buti so happened, that those boats, without seeing Pip, suddenty
spying whales close to them on one side, tured, and gave chase: and
‘Siubb's boat was now so far away, and he and ai his crew so intent

‘upon Ris fish, that Pip's ringed horizon began to expand around him
miserably. By the merest chance the ship itself at last rescued him,

but from that hour the title negra went about the deck an idiot; such,

at feast, they said he was. The sea had jeeringly kept his finite body

‘up, but drowned the infinite of his eoul, Not drowned entirety, though

Rather carried down ative to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of

the unwarped primal word glided to and fro before his passive eves:

land the miser-merman, Wisdom, reveaied his hoarded heaps; and amang the
joyous, heartless, ever juvenile etemities, Pip saw the multtudinous,
‘God-ormnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters

‘heaved the colossal orbs, He saw God's foot upon the treadie ofthe

Jom, and spoke it, and therefore his shipmates catted him mad. So

‘man’s insanity is heaven's sense; and wandering from all morlal reason,

man comes af last io that celestial thought, which, to reason, is

‘absurd and frantic; and weal or woe, feets then uncompromised,

indifferent as his God.

For the rest, biame nat Stubb too hardly. The thing is common in that
fishery, and in the sequel of the narrative, itwil then be seen what
lke abandonment betel mysett

‘CHAPTER 94. A Squeeze ofthe Hand.

‘That whale of Stubb's, so dearly purchased, was duly brought to the
Pequod’s side, where all hose cutting and hoisting operations
previously detailed, were regularly gone through, even to the baling of
the Heidetburgh Tun, of Case.

While some were occupied with this fatter duly, others were employed in
raging away the larger tubs, so soon as filled with the sperm: and
when the proper time arrived, this same sperm was carefully manipulated
ete going to the try-works, of which anon,

had copied and crystatlized to such a degree, that when, with
several others, Isat down before a farge Constantine's bath of it, |
