“During the night, Radney had an unseamantike way of sitting on the
bulwarks of the quarter-deck. and feaning his atm upon the gurwale of
the boat which was hoisted up there, a tte above the ship's side. In

this attitude, itwas well Known, he sometimes dozed, There was a
considerable vacancy between the boat and the ship, and down between
this was the sea, Steetkit calculated his time, and found that his

next ick at the heim would come round at two o’olock, in the moming
ofthe third day from that in which he had been betrayed. At his,

leisure, he employed the interval in braiding something very carefully

in his walches below.

“What are you making there?’ sald a shipmate.
“What do you think? what does it ook like?
“Like a lanyard for your bag; but it's an odd one, seems to me.

“Yes, rather oddish,’ said the Lakeman, holding itat arm's tength
before him, ‘but Hthink it will anewer. Shipmate, thaven't enough
twine,—have you any?"

“But there was none in the forecastie
“Then | must get some from old Rad’ and he rose to go aft
You don't mean to go a begging to _himl_' said a saifor.

“Why not? Do you think he won't do me a turn, when it's to help
imseifin the end, shipmate® and going to the mate, he looked at him
quietly, and asked him for some twine to mend his hammock. twas given
‘Rie—neither twine nor lanyard were seen again; but the next night an
‘ron ball, closely netted, party rolled from the pocket of the

Lakeman’s monkey jacket, as he was tucking the coat into his hammack
for a pitiow. Twenty-four hours after, his trick at the silent

‘heim—nigh to the man who was apt io doze over the grave always ready
dug to the seaman’s hand—that fatal hour was then to come: and in the
{fore-ordaining soul of Steetkilt, the mate was already stark and

stretched as a corpse, with his forehead crushed in.

“Bul, gentlemen, a foot saved the would-be murderer from the bloody
deed he had planned. Yet complete revenge he had, and without being the
avenger. For by a mysterious fatality, Heaven iisetf seemed to step in

to iske out of his hands into its own the damning thing he would have

done.

“ttwas just between daybreak and suntise ofthe moring ofthe second
day, when they were washing down the decks, that a stupid Tenerife
‘man, drawing water in the main-chains, aif at once shouted out, "There
she foils there she rots! Jesu, what a whale! It was Moby Dick
