‘But, though the world scouts at us whale hunters, yet does it
unwittingly pay us the profoundest homage: yea, an all-abounding
adoration! for almost all the tapers, famps, and candies that burn
round the globe, bum, as before so many shrines, to our glory!

But look at this matter in other lights; weigh itin all sorts of
scales; see what we whaiemen are, and have been

Why did the Dutch in De Wit's time have admirals of their whating
feels? Why did Louis XVI, of France, at his own personal expense, fit

ut whaling ships from Dunkirk, and politely invite to that town some

score or two of families from our own island of Nantucket? Why did

Gritgin between the years 1750 and #788 pay to her whalemen in bounties,
upwards of £ 1,000,000? And iastiy, how comes it that we whalemen of
America now outnumber all the rest of the banded whalemen in the world
sail a navy of upwards of seven hundred vessels; manned by eighteen
thousand men: yearly consuming 4,000,000 of dollars; the ships worth,

at the time of sailing, $20,000,000! and every year importing into our
harbors a well reaped harvest of $7,000,000. How comes allthis, iF

there be not something puissant in whating?

But this is not the haif: ook again.

Hreely assert, that the cosmopotite philosopher cannot, for his fife,
point out one single peaceful influence, which within the fast sixty

yeafs has operated more potentially upon the whole broad world, taken
in one aggregate, than the high and mighty business of whaling. One way
and another, thas begotten events so remarkable in themselves, and so
continuously momentous ia their sequential issues, that whaling may
well be regarded as that Egyptian mother, who bore offspring themselves
pregnant from her womb. would be a hopeless, endless task to
caialogue all these things. Let a handful suffice. For many years past

the whate-ship has been the pioneer in ferreting out the remotest and
feast Known parts ofthe earth. She has explored seas and archipelagoes
‘which had no chart, where no Cook or Vancouver had ever sailed. IF
American and European men-ot.war now peacefully ride in ance savage
harbors, let them fire salutes to the honor and glory af the

‘whate-ship, which originally showed them the way, and first interpreted
between them and the savages. They may celebrate as they will the
‘heroes of Exploring Expeditions, your Cooks, your Krusensterns; but |

‘say that scores of anonymous Caplains have saited out of Nantucket,

that were as greal, and greater than your Cook and your Krusensiern.

For in their suocourtess emply-handedness, they, in the heathenish
sharked waters, and by the beaches of unrecorded, javelin islands,
battled with virgin wonders and terrors that Cook with ail his marines

and muskets would not witingly have dared. All that is made such a
flourish of in the old South Sea Voyages, thase things were but the
life-time commonplaces of our heroic Nantucketers. Often, adventures
which Vancouver dedicates three chapters to, these men accounted
