placed upon an iron-wood tog, with one hand holding a pike-head in the
‘coals, and with the other at his forge’s Jungs, when Capiain Ahab came
along, camTying in his hand a small rusty-ooking feathem bag. White
yeta tite distance from the forge, moody Ahab paused: tH af fast,

Perth, withdrawing his iron from the fire, began hammering it upon the
anvil—the red mass sending offthe sparks in thiok hovering fights,
some of which few close to Ahab

“Ara these thy Mother Carey's chickens, Perth? they are always fying
in thy wake; birds of good omen, to9, but not to afl,—took here, they
‘burn; but thou—thou tiv'et among them without a scorch.”

"Because Lam scorched all over, Captain Ahab.” answered Perth, resting
fora moment on his harimer, “ram past scorching; not easily can'st
thou seoreh a sear.”

“Weil, weil; no more. Thy shmunk voice sounds too calmly, sanely woeful
to me. in no Paradise mysetf, Fam impatient of all misery in others

that is not mad. Thou shouid'st go mad, blacksmith; say, why dost thou
not go mad? How can’st thou endure without being mad? Do the heavens
yet hate thee, that thou can'st not go mad?—What wert thou making
there?”

“Welding an old pike-head, si there were seams and dents init”

“And can’st thou make it afl smooth again, blacksmith, afler such hard
sage as ithad?”

“Hinink 80, sie

“And t suppose thou can’st smoathe almost any seams and dents; never
snind how hard the metal, blacksmith?”

“aye, sir, think fean; al seams and dents but one

“Look ye here, then,” eried Ahab, passionately advancing, and leaning
with both hands on Perth's shoulders; “took ye here—_here_—can ye
smoothe out a seam lke this, blacksmith,” sweeping one hand aoross his,
sibbed brow, “if thou could st, blacksmith, glad enough would Nay my
‘head upon thy anvil, and feel thy heaviest hammer between my eyes.
Answer! Can'st thou smoothe this seam?”

“Oh! that is the one, srt Said Fnat all seame and dents but one?”

“Aye, blacksmith, itis the one: aye, man, itis unsmoothable; for
though thou only see'st it here in my flesh, ithas worked down into
the bone of my skuil—_that_is all wrinkles! But, away with child's
play; no mare gafis and pikes to-day. Look ye here! jingting the
leather bag, as ifit were full of gold coins. “T.too, want a harpoon
‘made; one that a thousand yoke offends could not gart, Perth,
