the fist ofthe three, though the last ofthe ten, to surrender, and
thereby secure whatever small chance of pardon such conduct might
ment. But when Staeikilt made known his determination stil ta lead

them to the last, hey in some way, by some subtie chemistry of

villany, mixed their before secret treacheries together: and when their
Jeader fell into a doze, verbally opened their souls fo each other in

tee sentences; and bound the sleeper with cords, and gagged Im with,
cords; and shrieked out for the Captain at midnight.

“Thinking murder at hand, and smelting in the dark for the blood, he
and ai his armed mates and harpooneers rushed for the forecastie. in a
few minutes the scuttle was opened, and, bound hand and foot, the stil
struggling ringleader was shoved up into the air by his peridious

alfies, whe at once claimed the honor af securing a man who had been
fully ripe for murder. But all these were cotlared, and dragged along

the deck like dead cattle; and, side by side, were seized up into the
snizzen rigging, fe twee quarters of meat, and there they hung ti
‘morning. ‘Damin ye.’ cried the Capiain, pacing to and ffo before them,
‘the vultures would not touch ye, ye villains!

“At sunrise he summoned ail hands; and separating those who had
rebelled from those who had taken no past in the mutiny, he told the
former that he had a good mind to flog them all round—thought, upon the
whole, he would do so—he ought to—justice demanded it; but for the
present, considering their timely surrender, he would tet them go with

a reprimand, which he accordingly administered in the vernacular.

“But as for you, ye camion rogues,’ turning to the three men in the
igging—‘for you, Tmean to mince ye up for the try-pots: and, seizing
‘3 tape, he applied it with all his might to the backs ofthe two

traitors, til they yelled no more, but ifelessly hung their heads
sideways, as the two crucified thieves are drawn.

~My wrist is sprained with yet he cried, at fast, ‘but there is stil
rope enough feft for you, my fine bantam, that wouldn't give up. Take
that gag from his mouth, and let us hear what he can say for himself.
“For a moment the exhausted mutineer made a tremulous motion of his
cramped jaws, and then painfully twisting ound his head, said in 2
sortof hiss, ‘What | say is thie—and mind itwell—ifyou flog me, |
‘murder your

~'Say ye 50? then see how ye frighten me'—and the Captain drew off with
the rope to stike

“Best not, hissed the Lakeman.
~'But ! must,—and the sope was once more drawn back for the stroke.

~“Sicetkit here hissed out something, inaudible to ali but he Capiain;
