which he had again been burying himself.

“Oh! never thee mind about that, Badad,” said Peleg. “Has he ever
whated it any? tuming to me.

“Killed more whales than I can count, Captain Peleg”
“Well, bring hier along then.”

And, after signing the papers, off hwent; nothing doubting but that!
had done a good moming’s work, and that the Pequod was the identical
ship that Yojo had provided to carry Queequeg and me round the Cape.

‘But Hhad not proceeded far, when began to bethink me that the
Captain with whom Fwas to sail yet remained unseen by me; though,
indeed, in many cases, a whale-ship will be completely fited out, and
Fexelve all her crew on board, ere the captain makes himself visible by
artiving to take command: for sometimes these voyages are so projonged,
‘and the shore intervais at hame so exceedingly brief, that ithe

captain have a family, or any absarbing concemment ofthat sort, he
does not trouble himself much about his ship in port, bul leaves her to

the owners ti all is ready for sea, However, itis always as well to

have a jook at him before imevocably committing yourself into his

‘hands. Tuming back accosted Captain Peleg, inquiring where Captain
Ahab was to be found

“And what dost thou want of Captain Ahab? it's aif right enough: thou
art shipped”

“Yes, but [should lke to eee him

“But | don't think thou wilt be able to at present. 'don't know
exactly what's the matter with him, but he keeps close inside the

house; a sort of sick, and yet he don’t ook so. fn fact, he ain't

sick; but no, he isn’t weil either. Any how, young man, he won't atways

see me, so idon't suppose he will thee. He's a queer man, Captain
‘Ahab—so some think—but a good one. Oh, thou'it ike him well enough: no
fear, no fear. He’s a grand, ungodly, godlike man, Captain Ahab:

doesn't speak much; but, when he does speak, then you may weil fisten
Mark ye, be forewarned; Ahab's above the cammon; Ahab's been ia
cotleges, as wail as ‘mong the cannibats; been used to deeper wonders
than the waves; fixed his fleny tance in mightier, stranger foes than

whales. His lancet aye, the keenest and the surest that out of all our

islel Ont he ain't Captain Bildad; no, and he ain't Captain Peleg

_he’s Ahab_, boy, and Ahab of old, thou knowest, was a crowned king!”

“And a very vile one. When that wicked king was slain, the dogs, did
they not tick his blood?”

“Come hither to me—hither, hither, said Peleg, with a significance in
