pumps, whose olinking and clanking at intervals through the dreary
night dismaily resounded through the ship.

“At sunrise the Captain went forward, and knocking on the deck,
summoned the prisoners to work but with a yell they refused. Water was
then towered down to them, and a couple of handtuls of biscuit were
tossed after it; when again turing the key upon them and pocketing it,
the Captain returned to the quarter-deck. Twice every day for tree.

days this was repeated: but an the fourth moming a confused wrangling,
‘and then a scuffing was heard, as the customary summons was delivered,
and suddenty four men burst up from the forecast, saying they were
ready fo tur to. The fetid closeness of the air, and a famishing diet,

united perhaps to some fears of ultimate retibution, had constrained
them to surrender at discretion. Emboldened by this, the Captain
reiterated his demand to the rest, but Steeikilt shouted up to him 2

tercific hint to stop his babbling and betake himself where he

‘belonged. On the fith morning three others of the mutineers bolted up
into the air from the desperate arms below that sought to restrain

them. Only three were teft

“Better tum to, now?" said the Captain with a heartless jeer.
“shut us up again, will ye!’ cried Steetkil
~Oh certainty’ said the Captain, and the key clicked

“itwas at this point, gentlemen, that enraged by the defection of
seven of his former associates, and stung by the mocking voice that had
last hailed him, and maddened by his tong entombment na place as
black as the bowels of despair; itwas then thal Stesikit proposed to

the two Canallers, thus far apparentiy af one mind with him, to burst

out of their hole al the next summoning of the garison, and armed with
their keen mincing knives (long, crescentic, heavy implements with 2
‘handle at each end} sun amuck from the bowsprit to the taffall and it
by any devilishness of desperation possibie, seize the ship. For
‘himself, he would do this, he said, whether they joined him or not.

‘That was the last night he should spend in that den. But the scheme met
with no opposition on the part ofthe other two; they swore they were
ready for that, or for any other mad thing, for anything in short but a
surrender. And what was more, they each insisted upon being the frst
‘man on deck, when the time to make the rush should come, But to this,
their leader as fiercely objected, reserving that psiority for himself,
particulary as fis two comrades would not yield, the one to the other,

in the matter; and both of them could not be frst, for the fadder

would but admit one man at a time. And here, gentlemen, the foul play
ofthese misereanis must come out

“Upon hearing the frantic project oftheir teader, each in his own
sepatate soul had suddenly lighted, it would seem, upon the same pieos
of treachery, namely: to be foremost in breaking out, in order to be.
