with their fothas in their hands.
“What d'ye e287" cried Ahab, fationing his face tothe shy.
“Nothing, nothing sie” was the sound hailing down in reply.
“Pgallant sailststunsails! slow and alot and on both sidest™

Ail sail being set, he now cast ose the lifeine, reserved for
swaying him to the main soyai-mast head, and in a few moments they were
hoisting him thither, when, while but two thirds ofthe way aloft, and

‘while peering ahead through the horizontal vacancy between the
‘main-top-sail and top-gatiant-sail, ne ralsed a guilsike ery in the

air. “There she biows!—there she blows! A hump fike a snow-Hilt tis,

Moby Dick”

Fired by the cry which seemed simultaneously taken up by the three
fook-outs, the men on deck rushed to the rigging to behold the famous
whale they had so long been pursuing. Ahab had now gained his final
perch, some feet above the other fook-ouls, Tashtego standing just
beneath him on the cap ofthe top-gatlant-mast, so that the Indian's
‘head was almost on a tevel with Ahab's heel, From this height the whale
was now seen some mile or so ahead, at every roll ofthe sea revealing
‘his high sparkting hump, and regularly jetting his silent spout into

the air. To the credulous mariners it seemed the same silent spout they
hnad so Jong ago beheld in the moonlit Alantic and Indian Oceans.

“And did none ofye see it before?” eried Ahab, hailing the perched men
all around him.

“1 saw him almost that same instant, sir, that Captain Ahab did, and}
fied out, said Tashtego,

“Not the same instant; not the same—no, the doubloon is mine, Fate
reserved the doubtoon for me. _|_ only; none of ye could have raised
the White Whale first. There she Biows!—there she blows!—there she
blows! There againl—there again?” he cried, in tong-drawn, lingering
‘methodic tones, attuned to the gradual protonginas of the whale's
visible jets. “He's golng to sound fn stunsails! Down

top-gaitant sails! Stand by three boats. Mr. Starbuck, remember, stay
‘on board, and keep the ship. Helm therel Luff ula point! So;

steady, man, steady? There go flukes! No, n0; onty black water! All
ready the doals there? Stand by, stand by! Lower me, Mr. Starbuck:
lower, tower —quick, quicker? and he slid through the air to the deck,

 

“He is heading straight to feeward, sir” eried Stubb, “right away from
us; eannothave seen the ship yet

“Be dumb, man! Stand by the braces! Hard down the helm!—brace up!
Shiver herl—shiver her!—So; well that! Boats, boats
