BOOK |. (_Follo_}, CHAPTER It (_Fin-Back_}—Under this nead treckon
a monster which, by the various names of Fin-Back, Tall-Spout, and
Long-Jotin, has been seen aimost in every sea and is commoniy the whale
whose distant et is so ofan desoried by passengers crossing the
Atlantic, in the New York packet-tracks. In the fength he attains, and

fn his baleen, the Fin-back resembles the right whale, butis ofa tess
portly gith, and a lighter cotour, approaching to olive. His great

lips present a zable-ke aspect, formed by the intertwisting, slanting

{olds of farge wrinkles. His grand distinguishing feature, the fin,

from which he derives his name, is ofen a conspicuous object. This fin

is some thee or four fest long, growing vertically from the hinder

past of the back, ofan angular shape, and with a very sharp pointed

‘end, Even ifnot the slightest other part ofthe creature be visible,

this isolated fin wit, at times, be seen plainly projecting from the

surface. When the sea is moderately caim, and slightly marked with
spherical ripples, and this gnomon-tike fin stands up and casts shadows.
‘upon the wrinkled surface, it may well be supposed that the watery

circle surrounding it somewhat resembles a dial, with its style and

wavy hourtines graved on it. On that Ahaz-dial the shadow often goes
back. The Fin-Back is not gregarious. He seems a whale-hater, as some
men are man-haters. Very shy; always going solitary, unexpectedly
‘ising to the surface in the remotest and most sullen waters, his

straight and single tofly jet rising fke a tal misanthropic spear

upon a barren plain, gifted with such wondrous power and velocity in
swimming, as to defy all present pursuit fromm man; this feviathan seems
the banished and unconquerabie Cain of his race, beating for his mark
that style upon his back. From having the baleen in his mouth, the
Fin-Back is sometimes inciuded with the right whale, among a theoretic
species denominated _Whalebone whales_ that is, whales with baleen. OF
these so called Whalebone whales, there would seem to be several
varieties, most of which, however, are ite known, Broad-nosed whales
and beaked whales; pike-headed whales; bunched whales; under jawed
whales and rostrated whales, are the fishermen’s names for a few sorts,

In connection with this appetiative of-Whalebone whales," Itis of
‘reat importance to mention, that however such a nomenclature may be
convenient in facilitating allusions to some kind of whales, yetitis

in vain to attempt a clear classification of the Leviathan, founded

upon either his baleen, or hump, oF fin, or teeth: notwithstanding that

those marked parts or features very obviously seem better adapted to

afford the basis for a regular system of Cetology than any other

detached bodily distinctions, which the whale, ip his kinds, presents,

How then? The baleen, hump, back-fin, and teeth; these are things whose
peculiarities are indiscriminately dispersed among ail sorts of whales,
‘without any regard to what may be the nalure of their structure in

other and more essential particulars. Thus. the sperm whale and the
humpbacked whale, each has a hump; bul there the similitude ceases.

‘Then, this same humpbacked whale and the Greenland whale, each ofthese
thas baleen; but there again the similtude ceases. And itis just the
