mankind, except Sydney men, are so much distusted by our whating
captains. Nor does it at all diminish the curiousness of this matter,

that tp many thousands of our rural boys and young men bom along its
Jine, the probationary fife ofthe Grand Canal furnishes the sole
transition between quietly reaping in a Chistian corn-fleld, and
recklessly ploughing the waters of the most barbaric seas.

“see! seer impetuously exciaimed Don Pedro, spitting his chicha
‘upon his silvery rufies. 'No need to travell The world's one Lima. |
‘had thought, now, that at your temperate North the generations were
cold and holy as the hills But the story.”

“Hef off, gentiemen, where the Lakeman shook the backstay. Hardly
fhad he dane so, when he was surrounded by the three junior mates and
the four harpooneers, who all crowded him to the deck. But sliding down
the ropes lke baleful comets, the hvo Canailers pushed into the

‘uproar, and sought io drag thelr man out of it towards the forecastie,
Others of the sailors joined with them in this attempt, and a twisted
turmoil ensued; white standing out ofharm's way, the valiant captain
danced up and down with a whale-pike, caling upon his offtcers to
manhandie that strocious scoundrel, and smoke him along to the
‘quartes-deck. At intervals, he ran close up to the revolving border of

the confusion, and prying into the heart of it with his pike, sought to

prick out the abject of his resentment. But Steelkilt and his

desperadoes were too much for them afl; they succeeded in gaining the
forepastie deck, where, hasty slewing about three or four large casks

in a tine with the windlass, these sea-Parisians entrenched themselves
behind the barricade.

“Come out ofthat, ye pirates! roared the captain, now menacing them
with 2 pistol in each hand, just brought to him by the steward. ‘Come
out of that, ye cut-throatsr

“SteettditJeaped on the barricade, and striding up and down there,
defied the worst the pistots could do: but gave the captain to
understand distinoty, that his (SteetKil's) death would be the signal
for a murderous mutiay on the part of all hands. Fearing in his heart
{est this might prove but too true, the captain a litte desisted, but
sill commanded the Insurgents instantly o retum to their duty.

“will you promise not to touch us, ifwe do? demanded their
fingleader.

“Tum tof tum to!_t make no promise;—to your duty! Do you want to
sink the ship, by knocking offat a time tike this? Turn tof and he
‘once more raised a pistol

~'sink the ship?’ cried Steeikill."Aye, let her sink. Not a man of us.
tums to, unless you swear not io raise a rope-yarn against us. What
say ye, men?" turning to his comrades. A ferce cheer was theit
