‘once I thought would open my eyes; for when between sheets, whether
by day or by night, and whether asleep or awake, thave a way of always:
keeping my eyes shut, n order the more to concentrate the snugness of
‘being in bed, Because no man can ever feel his own identity aright
except his eyes be closed. as if darkness were indeed the proper
‘element ofour essences, though light be more congenial to our clayey
part. Upon apening my eyes then, and coming out of my own pleasant and
self created darkness inio the imposed and ovarse outer gloom of the
unilluminated twelve-o'cloct-at-night, t experienced a disagreeable
revulsion. Nor did Fat aif object to the hint fom Queequeg that

perhaps it were best to strike a tight, seeing that we were so wide

awake; and besides he felt a strong desire fo have a few quiet puffs

‘from his Tomahawk. Be it said, that though had felt such a strong
repugnance to his smoking in the bed the night before, yet see how
‘astic our stif prejudices grow when fove once comes to bend them.

For now Fiked nothing better than to have Queequeg smoking by me.
‘even in bed, because he seemed to be full of such serene household joy
then. [no more felt unduly concerned for the tandiord's poticy of
insurance. Fwas only alive to the condensed confidential
comfortabieness of sharing a pipe and a blanket with a real friend

With our shaggy jackets drawn about our shoulders, we now passed the
‘Tomahawk from one to the other, til slowly there grew over usa blue
hanging tester of smoke, illuminated by the flame ofthe newt lamp.

Whether itwas that this undulating tester soiled the savage away to
far distant scenes, | know not, buthe now spoke af his native island,

and, eager to hear his history, Legged him to go on and tell it. He

giadly complied. Though at the time Fut il comprehended not a few of
bis words, yet subsequent disclosures, when Ihad become more feriiar
with fis broken phraseology, now enable me to present the whole story
such as it may prove in the mere skeleton give

‘CHAPTER 42. Biographical.

‘Queequeg was a native of Rokovoko, an island far away to the West and
South. itis not down in any map; true places never are,

‘When a new-hatched savage running wild about his native woodlands in a
‘arass clout, followed by the nibbling goats, as ithe were a green

sapting; even then, in Queequeg’s ambitious soul, turked a strong

desire to see something more of Christendom than a specimen whater or
two. His father was a High Chief, 2 King: his uncle a High Priest, and

‘on the matemal side he boasted aunis who were the wives of
unconquerable warriors. There was excellent blood in his veins —royal
stuff, though sadly viiated, Hear, by the cannibal propensity he

noutished in his untutored youth,

A Sag Harbor ship visited his father's bay, and Queequeg sought 2
passage to Christian ands. But the ship, having her full complement of
