other thing for the whate-spout, as the event set soon proved; for
hardly had Ahab reached his perch, hardly was the cope belayed to its
fin on deck, when he struck the key-note to an orchestra, that made the
air vibrate as with the combined discharges of rifles. The tumphant
hhalioo of thirty buckskin {ungs was heard, as—much nearer to the ship
than the place of the imaginary jet ess than a mile ahead—Moby Dick
bodily burst inta view! For not by any caim and indolent spoutings; not
by the peaceable gush of that mystic fountain in his head, did the

White Whale now reveal his vicinity; but by the far more wondrous
phenomenon of breaching. Rising with his ulmost velocity rom the
furthest depths, the Sperm Whale thus booms his entire butk into the
pure element ofair, and piling up a mountain of dazziing foam, shows
hhis place to the distance of seven miles and more. in those moments,
the torn, enraged waves he shakes off, seem his mane; in some cases,
{his breaching is his act of defiance.

“There she breaches! there she breaches!” was the cry, asin his
immeasurable bravadoes the White Whale tossed himself salmon-tke to
Heaven, So suddenty seen in the blue plain of the sea, and relieved
against the stil blues margin of the sky, the spray that he raised,

{or the moment, intolerably ghittered and glared like a glacier; and

stood there gradually fading and fading away from its frst sparking
intensity, to the dim mistiness of an advancing shower in a vale.

“Aye, breach your lastta the sun, Moby Dick? cried Ahab, “thy hour
‘and thy harpoon are at hand!—Down! down all of ye, but one man atthe
fore. The boats!—stand by!

Unmindful ofthe tedious rope-tadders of the shrouds, the men, like
shooting stars, slid to the deck, by the isolated backsiays and
hatyards; while Ahab, tess dartingly, but stil rapidly was dropped
from his perch

“Lower away,” he cried, so soon as he had reached his boat—a spare one,
tlaged the afternoon previous. “Mr. Starbuck, the ship is thine—keep
away from the boats, but keep near them. Lower, af”

As ifto strike a quick terror into them, by this time being the first
assailant himseif, Moby Dick had lured, and was now coming for the
three crews. Ahab's boat was central; and cheering his men, he told
them he would take the whale head-and-head,—thatis, pull straight up
to his forehead.—a not uncommon thing; for when within a certain limit,
such a course excludes the coming onset from the whale’s sidetong
vision. But ere that close tint was gained, and while yet aif three

boata were plain as the ship's three masts to his eye; the White Whale
‘churning himsetf into furious speed, almost in an instant as it were,
fushing among the boats with open jaws, and a lashing tai, offered
appatting battle on every side; and heediess ofthe irons darted at him
from every boat, seemed only intent on annihilating each separate plank
of which those boats were made. But skilfully manceuvred, incessantly
