“There!_therel_there again! There she blows right ahead, boyst—iay
back"

“Never heed yander yellow boys, Archy”

*Oh, !don't mind ‘em, sir” said Archy, “Hnew it ail before now,
Didn't 'hear 'em in the hold? And didn't Ftell Cabaco here oft?
What say ye, Cabaco? They are stowaways, Mr. Flask”

“Pull, pull, my fine hearts ative; pull, my children: pul, any ile
ones,” drawlingly and soothingly sighed Stubb to his crew, some of whom
si showed signs of uneasiness. “Why don't you break your backbones,
‘my boys? What is it you stare at? Those chaps in yonder boat? Tul! They
are only five more hands come to heip us—never mind from where—the more
the merrier. Pull then, do pull, never mind the brimstone—devils are
good fellows enough. So, 50; there you are now; that's the stoke for a
thousand pounds; that's the siroke to sweep the stakes! Hurrah for the
ald cup of sperm all, my Reroes! Three cheers, men—all hearts alivet
Easy, easy; don't be in a hurry—don'tbe in a hurry. Why don't you snap
‘your oars, you rascals? Bite something, you dogs! $0, <0, so,

then:—sofl, softy! That's it_that's it! ong and strong. Give way

there, give way! The devil fetch ye, ye ragammuffis sapscallions; ye are

ail asieep. Stop snoring, ye sleepers, and pull. Pull, will ye? pull

can't ye? pull, wor't ye? Why in the name of qudgeons and ginger-cakes:
don't ye pull?—pull and break something! pull, and start your eyes out!
Herel” whipping out the sharp knife from his girdle; “every mother’s

son af ye draw his knife, and puil with the biade beeen his teeth

That's it_that's it. Now ye do something: that looks like It, my

steet-bits. Start her—start her, my silver-spoons! Start her,
mrarting-spikes!”

‘Stubb's exordium ta his orew is given here atiarge, because he had
rather a peculiar way oftatking to them in general, and especially in
inouleating the religion of rowing. But you must not suppose from this
specimen of his sermonizings that he ever flew into downright passions
with his congregation. Not at al, and therein consisted his chief
peculiarly. He would say the most temtific things to his crew, in a

tone so strangely compounded of fan and fury, and the fury seemed 80
calculated merely as a spice to the fun, that no oarsman could hear

such queer invacations without pulling for dear life, and yet pulling

fos the mere joke of the thing. Besides he ail the time tooked so easy
and indolent himself, so foungingly managed his steering-oar, and so
broadly gaped—open-mouthed at times—that the mere sight of such a
yawning commander, by sheer force of contrast, acted like a charm upon
the crew. Then again, Stubb was one of those odd sort of humorists,
whose jollty ie sometimes so curiously ambiguous, as to put all

inferiors on their guard in the matter of obeying them.

In obedienos to a sign from Ahab, Starbuck was now putting obliquely
across Stubb's bow, and when for a minute or so the hwo boats were
