the Peave.

In addition to those fine engravings from Garnery, there are two other
French engravings worthy of note, by some one who subscribes himseit
“H, Durand.” One of them, though not precisely adapted to our present
purpose, nevertheless deserves mention on other aocounts, tis.a quiet
‘noon-scene among the Isles of the Pacific; a French whaler anchored,
inshore, in a calm, and lazily taking water on board; the loosened

sails ofthe ship, and ihe tong feaves of the pats in the background,
both drooping together in the breezeless ait. The effect is very fine,

when considered with reference to its presenting the hardy fishermen
under one of their few aspects of oriental repose. The other engraving

is quite a different affair: the ship hove-to upon the open sea, and in

the very heart afthe Leviathanic ife, with a Right Whale alongside;

the vessel {in the act of cutting-in} hove over to the monsiar as if

2 quay; and a boat, hurriedly pushing afffram this scene of activity,

{is about giving chase fo whales in the distance. The harpoons and
tances lie levelled for use: three oarsmen are just setting the mast in

ils hole, while from a sudden roll of the sea, the litte craft stands,
half-eract out of the water, ike a rearing horse. From the ship, the
smoke of the torments of the bolting whale is going up like the smoke
over a village of smithies; and to windward, a black cloud, rising up
with earnest of squalls and rains, seme to quicken the activity of the
excited seamen,

‘CHAPTER 57, Of Whales in Paint: in Teeth in Wood: in Sheet-ron; ia
Stone; in Mountains; in Stars.

‘On Tower-hifl,as you go dows to the London docks, you may have seen a
crippled beggar (or_kedger_, as the sailors say) holding a painted

‘board before him, representing the tragic scene in which he lost his

eg. There are three whales and three boats; and ane of the boats
{presumed to contain the missing teg in ail its original integrity} is

aing crunched by the jaws of the foremost whale. Any time these ten

years, they tell me, has that man held up that picture, and exhibited

that stump to an incredulous world. But the time of his justifeation

‘has now come. His three whales are as good whales as were ever
published in Wapping, at any cate; and his stump as unquestionable a

slump as any you wil find in the westem clearings. But, though for

‘ever mounted on that stump, never a stamp-speech does the poor whaleman
make; but, with downcast eyes, stands ruefully contemplating his own
amputation

‘Throughout the Pacific, and also in Nantucket, and New Bedford, and Sag
Hasbor, you wil come across lively sketches of whales and
whating-scenes, graven by the fishermen themselves on Sperm
Whale-teeth, or ladies’ busks wrought out of the Right Whale-bone, and
other ike skrimshander articles, as the whalemen call the numerous

litte ingenious contrivances they elaborately carve out ofthe rough
