interindebiedness which will not do away with ledgers. hwould be fee
2s air, and Fm down in the whole wor'd's books. tam so rich, | could
shave given bid for bid with the wealthiest Practorians at the auction of
the Roman empire (which was the world's}: and yet lowe for the flesh
in the tongue t brag with. By heavens! I get a crucible, and into

il, and dissolve myself down to one smal, compendious vertebra, So

CARPENTER (_resuming his work}.

Well, well, well! Stubb knows him best ofall, and Slubb always says,
he's queer; says nothing but that one sufficient itte word queer

he's queer, says Stubb; he's quees—queer, queer: and keeps dinning it
Into Mr. Starbuck ail the time—queer—si-—queer, queer, very queer. And
here's his leg! Yes, now that I think ofit, here's his hedYellow! has

a stick of whaie’s jaw-bane for a wife! And this is fis tog: he'll

stand on this, What was that now sbout one leg standing in three
places, and all ree places standing in one hell—how was thal? Ohl
don't viender he looked so scomnfil at mel fm a sort of
strange-houghted sometimes, they say; but that's only haphazard-tke.
‘Then, a short, litle old body fike me, should never undertake to wade
ut into deep waters with tall, heron-built captains; the water chucks.
‘you under the chin pretty quick, and there's a great cry for

{ife-boats. And here's the heron’s feg! ong and slim, sure enought

Now, for most folks one pair oftegs lasts a lifetime, and that must be
because they use them mercifully, as a tender-hearted old tady uses her
soly-poly old coach-horses. But Ahab, oh he's a hard driver. Look,
driven one teg to death, and spavined the other for life, and now wears
out bone fogs by the cord. Halloa, there, you Smull bear a hand there
with those screws, and fet's finish it before the resurrection fellow
‘comes a-caiting with his hom for ail legs, true or false, a5

brewery-men go sound collecting old beer barrels, to fil em up again
‘What a teg this ist It looks Uke a ‘eal five teg, filed down to

zothing but the core; he'll be standing on this to-morrow; he'll be

taking altitudes on it. Halloat laimast forgot the litte oval slate,
smoothed ivory, where he figures up the fafilude. So, 50; chisel, fle,
and sand-paper, now!

‘CHAPTER #09, Ahab and Starbuck in the Cabin.

According to usage they were pumping the ship next moming: and lofno
inoansiderable olf came up with the water; the casks below must have
‘sprung a bad leak. Much concem was shown, and Starbuck went down into
the cabin to seport this unfavourable affaie.

‘in Sperm-whaiemen with any considerable quantity of oil on beard, it
is a regular semi-weekly duty to conduct a hose into the hold, and
drench the caska with sea-water: which afterwards, at varying

intervals, is removed by the ship's pumps. Hereby the casks are sought
tobe kept damply tight: while by the changed character of the
