tetting me?” geting into a towering rage. “Do you pretend to say.
Jandiord, that this harpaoneer is actually engaged this blessed
Saturday night, oF rather Sunday morning, in peddting his head around
this town?”

“That's precisely it” said the landlord, “and | told hier he couldn't
sell ithese, the market's overstocked.”

“with what?” shouted I
"With heads to be sure; ain't there too many heads in the world?”

“tell you what iis, tandiord,” said t quite calmly, “you'd better
stop spianing that yasn to me—'m not green”

“May be not.” taking aut a stick and whiting a toothpick, “butt
rayther guess you'll be done _brown_ifthat ere harpooneer hears you a
slanderin’ his head”

“Hi break it for him,” said 1, now flying into a passion again at
this unaccountabie farrago of the tandlord's,

“H's broke a'veady,” said he.

“Broke

 

"said L*_broke_, do you mean?”
~Sartain, and that’s the very reason he can’t sel it,F guess.”

“Landlord,” said |, going up to him as coo! as Mi Hesla in a
snaw-storm—landiord, siop whitting. You and I must understand one
‘another, and that too witout delay. Foome to your house and want a

‘bed; you tell me yau can only give me haifa one; that the other half
‘belongs to a ceriain harpooneer. And about this harpooneer, whom Have
not yet seen, you persist in telling me the most mystifying and
exasperating siories tending to beget in me an uncomfortabte feeting
towards the man whom you design for my bedfetlow—a sort of connexion,
{andiord, which is an intimate and confidential one in the highest

degree. Inow demand of you to speak out and tell me who and what this,
‘narpooneer is, and whether I shall be in all respects safe to spend the
‘ight with him. And in the first place, you will be so good as fo unsay

that story about selfing his head, which ifttue Hake to be good

evidence that this harpooneer is stark mad, and 've na idea of

sleeping with a madman; and you, sit, _you_I mean, landlord, _you_

sir, by trying to induce me to da so knowingly, would thereby render
yourseifliable to a criminal prosecution”

“Weil” said the tandiord, fetching a fong breath, “that's a purty tong
sarmon far a chap that rins a title naw and then. But be easy, be

‘easy, this here harpooneer Ihave been tellin’ you of has just arrived
from ihe south seas, where he bought up a jot of ‘batmed New Zealand
