response,

“The Lakeman now patrolled the barricade, ail the while keeping his eye
‘on the Captain, and jerking out such sentences as these—'i's not our
fault; we didn’t want It, told him to take his hammer away-itwas

boy's business; he might have known me before this; fold him not to
rick the buffalo; tbetieve thave broken a finger here against his,
‘cursed jaw: ain't those mincing knives dawn in the forecastle there,
‘men? iook to those handspites, my hearties. Captsin, by God, took to
yourself: say the word: don't he @ fool: forget it all, we are ready to

‘urn to; reat us decently, and we're your men; bul we won't be

fogged.

“Tumn tof Emake no promises, tum to, F say!

“Look ye, now, cried the Lakeman, flinging out his arm towards him,
‘here are a few of us here {and Fam ane ofthemn} who have shipped for
the cruise, d'ye see; now as you well know, sit, we can claim our
discharge as soon as the anchor is down; g0 we don't want a row; i's
not our interest; we want to be peaceable; we are ready to work, bulwe
won't be flogged

“Turn tof roared the Captain

“Sieetkit glanced round him a moment, and then said— ‘ell you what
itis now, Capiain, rather than kil ye, and be hung for such a shabby
rascal, we won't lif's hand against ye unless ye attack us; but bit

you say the word about aot fogging us, we don't do a hand's turn,

~Down into the farecastie then, down with ye, il keep ye there tit
ye're sick oft. Down ye go.

~'Shall we?’ cried the Angleader to his men. Mostof them were against
1; but at length, in obedience to Steetultt, hey preceded him down
into their dark den, growlingly disappearing, ike bears into a cave

“As the Lakeman's bare head was just level with the planks, the Captain
and his posse leaped the barricade, and rapidly drawing over the slide
ofthe scuite, planted their group of hands upon it, and loudly called

{or the steward to bring the heavy brass padiock beionging to the
companionway. Then opening the slide a litle, the Captain whispered
something down the crack, closed it, and turned the key upon them—ton
in number—eaving on deck some twenty oF more, who thus far had
remained neutral

“All night a wide-awake watch was kept by all the officers, forward and
af, especially about the forecastie scuttie and fore hatchway; at

‘which fast place it was feared the msurgents might emerge, after
breaking through the bulkhead helow. But the hours of darkness passed
{in peace; the men who stil emained at their duty toiling hard at the
