preparatives needing supervision the mates were fully competent to, so,
thal there was fide or nothing, out of himself, to employ or excite

Ahab, now; and thus chase away, for that ane interval, the clouds that
ayer upon layer were piled upon his brow, as ever all clouds choose
the lofliest peaks to pile themselves upon

Nevertheless, ere tong, the warm, warbling persuasiveness of the
pleasant, holiday weather we came to, seemed gradually te charm him,
from his mood, For, as when the red-cheeked, dancing girs, April and
‘May, tip home to the winty, misanthropic woods; even the barest,
uggedest, most thunder-cloven old oak will at feast send forth some
few green sprouts, io welcome such glad-hearted visitants; so Ahab did,
im the end, a litte respond to the playlul atlurings of that giish|

air. More than onoe did he put forth the faint blossom ofa fook,

which, In any other man, would have soon flowered out in 2 smite

CHAPTER 29. Enter Anat; to Him, Stubb.

‘Some days elapsed, and ice and icsbergs afl aster, the Pequod now went
rolling through the bright Quite spring, which, at sea, almost

perpetually reigns on the threshold of the eternal August of the

‘Tropic. The warmly coel, clear, ringing, perfumed, overflowing,

redundant days, were as crystal gobleis of Persian sherbet, heaped
up—flaked up, with rose-water snow. The starred and stately rights
seemed haughty dames in jeweled velvets, nursing at home in lonely
pride, the memory of their absent conquering Earls, the golden helmeted
‘suns! For sleeping man, ‘twas hard to choose between such winsome days.
‘and such seducing nights, But all the witeheries of that unwaning

weather did not merely tend new spells and potencies to the outward

world. inward they turned upon the soul, especially when the stil ld
hours of eve came on; then, memory shot har orysiais as the clear ioe

‘most forms of noiseiees twilights. And ail these subtle agencies, more

and more they wrought on Ahab's texture.

Old age is always wakeful as if the fonger linked with life, the Jess
man has to do with aught that ‘ooks like death. Among sea-commandess,
the old greybeards will oftenest ieave their berths to visit the
night-cloaked deck. twas so with Ahab; onty that now, offate, he
seemed so much to tive in the open air, tat truly speaking, his visits,
were more to the cabin, than from the cabin to the planks. “feels

Jike going down into one’s tomb,"—he would mutter to himself—or sn
‘fd capiain lke me to be descending this narrow scuttle, to go to my
grave-dug berth”

So, almost every twenty-four hours, when the watches of the night were
sel, and the band on deck sentinelled the slumbers of the band below,
‘and when ifa rope was to be hauled upon the forecastle, the sailors
flung it not rudely down, as by day, but with some cautiousness dropt
itto its place for fear of disturbing their slumbering shipmates; when
