breeze became fait!

Instantly the yards were squared, to the fively song of “Hol the fair
wind! ch-ye-ho, cheerly men!_" the crew singing for joy, that so
promising an event should 80 8000 have falsified the evil portents
preceding it

In compliance with the standing order of his commander—to report
immediately, and st any one of the twenty-four hours, any decided
change in the affairs of the deck —Starbuck had no sooner trimmed the
yards to the breeze—however reluctantly and gloomily,—than he
‘mechanically went below to apprise Captain Ahab of the circumstance.

Ere knocking at his state-room, he involuntarily paused before ita
moment, The cabin tamp—taking tong swings this way and that_was burning
‘fully, and casting fitful shadows upon the old man's botted door, —a

thin one, with fixed blinds inserted, in place of upper panels. The

isolated subterraneousness ofthe cabin made a cerlain humming silence

to reign there, though itwas hooped round by all the roar of the

elements, The loaded muskets in the rack were shiningly revealed, a8

they stood upright against the forward bulkhead. Starbuck was an

honest, upright man; but out of Starbuck's heart, at that instant when

‘he saw the muskets, there strangely evoived an evil thought; but so,

bient with its neutral or good accompaniments that for the instant he

‘nardly knew it for itsett

“He would have shot me once.” he murmured, "yes, there's the very
‘musket that he pointed at me—that one with the studded stock: tet me
touch itt. Stange, that |, who have handled so many deadiy.
tanoes, strange, that I should shake so now. Loaded? {must see. Aye,
‘aye: and powder in the pan;—thas not good. Best spill twa MH
‘ure myseifof this, PW hold the musket boldly while | think —f come

to report a fair wind to him. But how fair? Fait for death and
doom,—_that's_fair for Moby Dick. t's a far wind that's only fair

{or that accursed fish —The very tube he pointed at melthe very one:
_this_one—fhold ithere; he would have killed me with the very thing
Thandie now.—Aye and he would fain kil all his crew. Does he not say
he wil not strike his spars to any gale? Has he not dashed his

‘eaventy quadrant? and in these sams perilous seas, gropes he not his
way by mere dead reckoning of the error-abounding log? and in this very
‘Typhoon, did he nat swear that he would have no fighining-rods? But
shail this crazed old man be tamely suffered to drag a whole ship's
‘company down to doom with hin’?—Yes, it would make him the wilful
‘murderer of thirty men and more, ifthis ship come to any deadly harm,
and come to deadly harm, my soul swears this ship wil, TARab have
‘nis way. ff then, he were this instant_put aside, that crime would not
be his, Hal is he muttering in his steep? Yes, just there —in there,

he’s sleeping. Sleeping? aye, but sil alive, and soon awake again. |
can'twithstand thee, then, old man, Nat reasoning; not remonstrance;
not entrealy wil thou hearken to; ail this thou scornest. Fiat

 
