CHAPTER 74. The Sperm Whale's Head_—Contrasted View.

Here, now, are two great whales, laying their heads together: et us
jin them, and lay together our own,

‘Ofthe grand order of folio leviathans, the Sperm Whale and the Right
Whale are by far the most noteworthy. They are the only whales
regularly hunted by man. To the Nantucketer, they present the two
extremes of all the known varieties of the whale. As the external
difference between them is mainly observable in their heads; and asa
head of each is this moment hanging from the Requod's side: and as we
‘may freely go from one to the other, by merely stepping across the
deck-—where, | should Ske to know, wil you obiain a better chance to
study practical celotogy than here?

In the first place, you are struck by the general contrast between
these heads. Both are massive enough in aif conscience; but there is 2
ceriain mathematical symmetry in the Sperm Whale's which the Right
‘Whale's sadly lacks. There is more character in the Sperm Whale’s head,
‘As you behold it, you involuntarily yield the immense superiority to

‘him, in point of pervading dignity. n the present instance. too, this
dignity is heightened by the pepper and salt colour of his head at the
summit, giving token of advanced age and large experience. in short, he
fg what the fishermen technically calla "grey-headed whale.”

Letus now note what is feast dissimillar in these heads—namely, the hwo
‘most important organs, the eye and the ear. Far back on the side of the
hnead, and iow down, near the angle of either whale's jaw, ifyou
narrowly search, you wil at ast see a lashiess eye, which you would
fancy to be a young coll's eye; so out of all proportion isitto the
magnitude of he head.

Now, from this peculiar sideway position of the whate's eyes, itis
plain that he can never see an object which is exactly ahead, no more
than he can one exactly astern. In a word, the position of the whale’s
eyes corresponds to that of a man’s ears, and you may fancy, for
yourself, how it would fare with you, did you sideways survey objects
through your ears. You would find that you could only command some
thinly degrees of vision in advance of the straight side-tine of sight
and about thirly more behind it your bitterest foe were waking
straight towards you, with dagger uplified in broad day, you would not
be able to see him, any more than iffe were steating upon you from
‘behind, ina word, you would have two backs, so fo speak: but, atthe
same time, also, two fronts (side fronts): for what is it that makes:

the front ofa man—what, indeed, but his eyes?

Moreover, while in most other animats that !ean now thinkof, the eyes.
are so planted as imperceptibly to blend their visual power, so as to
produce one picture and nat two to the brain; the peculiar position of
the whale's eves, effectuaily divided as they are by many cubic feet of
