taunched in pursuit afthe game, the people of that island erected
Jofly spars along the sea-coast, io which the foot-outs ascended by
means of nailed cleats, something as fowis go upstairs in a hen-ouse,
A'few years ago this same plan was adopted by the Bay whalemen af New
Zealand, who, upon descrying the game, gave notice to the ready-manned
‘boats nigh the beach. But this custom fas now become obsolete; tum we
then to the one proper masthead, that ofa whale-ship at sea. The

thee mast-heads are kept manned from sun-tise to sun-set; the seamen
‘aking their regular tums (as at the helm), and relieving each other

every two hours. In the serene weather of the tropics itis exceedingly
pleasant the masthead; nay, to a dreamy meditative man itis

delightful. There you stand, a hundred feet above the silent decks,

striding along the deep. as ifthe masts were gigantic stilts, while

beneath you and between your leas, as it were, swim the hugest monsters
ofthe sea, even as ships ance sailed between the boots ofthe famous,
Colossus at old Rhodes. There you stand, fost in the infinite series of

the sea, with nothing ruffed but the waves. The tranced ship

indotentty roils; the drowsy trade winds blow; everything resolves you

{nto tanguor. For the arost part, in this tropic whating life, a sublime
‘uneventfulness invests your you hear no news; fead no gazettes; extras.
with starting accounts of commonplaces never delude you into
unnecessary excitements, you hear of no domestic affictions: bankrupt
securities: fall of stacks; are never troubled with the thought of what

‘you shail have for dinner—for all your meals for three years and more

are snugly stowed in casks, and your bill of fare is immutable.

none of those southern whatesmen, on a jong three or four years
voyage, as often happens, the sum of the various hours you spend at the
masthead would amount fo several entire months. And itis much to be
deplored that the place to which you devote so considerable a portion
ofthe whate term of your natural life, should be so sadly destitute of
anything approaching to a cosy inhabitiveness, of adapted to breed a
comfortable fovatness of feeling, such as pertains to a bed, a hammock,
a hearse, a senty box, a pulpit, a coach, or any other of those small

and snug contrivances in which men temporaniy Isolate themseives. Your
‘most usual point of perch is the head of the 'gallant-mast, where you
sland upon twa thin parallel sticks (aimost peculiar to whaiemen}

called the f gallant cross-trees. Here, lossed about by the sea, the
beginner feels about as cosy as he would standing on a bul's hors. To
bbe sure, in cold weather you may carry your house aloft with you, in

the shape of a watch-coat, bul properly speaking the thickest

watch-coat is no more of a house than the unclad body: for as the soul

{is glued inside ofits Reshy tabemacie, and cannot freely move about
inf, nor even move out off, without sinning great risk of perishing

{ike an ignorant pilgrim croasing the snowy Alps in wintes}; so @
wateh-coat is not so much of a house as itis a mere envelope, or
additional skin encasing you. You cannat puta sheifor chest of

drawers in your body, and ne more can you make & convenient closet of
‘your watch-coat.
