us shake bones togetherl—an arm and a Jeg!—an arm that never can
shfink, d'ye see; and a feg that never can run, Where did’st thou see
the White Whale”—hew long ago?”

“The White Whate,” said the Englishman, pointing his ivory arm towards.
the East, and taking a rueful sight along it, as ifithad been a
telescopes “there I saw him,on the Line, last season”

“And he took that arm off, did he?” asked Ahab, now sliding down from
the capstan, and resting on the Englishman's shoulder, as he did so.

“Aye, he was the cause oft atleast, and that feg, 1007"
“Spin me the yarn,” said Ahab; “how was it?”

‘twas the first time in my ife that tever cruised on the Line,”
‘began the Englishman. “Iwas ignorant of the White Whale at that time.
Well, one day we lowered for a pod of four or five whales, and my boat
fastened to one of them a regutar circus horse he was, too, that went
siting and miting round so, that my boat's crew could only trim dish,

by siting all their stems on the outer gunwate. Presently up breaches
‘from the bottom of the sea a bouncing great whale, with a miky-white
head and hump, ail crows’ feet and wrinkles”

“was he, itwas heF cried Ahab, suddenly letting out his suspended
breath,

“and harpoons sticking in near his starboard fin~

“Aye, aye—they were mine—_my_ irons," fed Ahab, exultingly but on

 

“Give me a chance, then,” said the Englishman, good-humoredly. “Well,
this old great-grandfatner, with the white head and hump, runs all
foam Into the pod, and goes to snapping furiously at my fasting!

“aye, |seet_wanted to part it free the fasttish—an old trick —t know
rien?

“How it was exactly,” continued the one-armed commander, “tdo not
now; but in biting the tine, it got fou! of his teeth, caught there

somehow, butwe didn't know it then; so that when we afterwards pulled

‘on the fine, bounce we came plump on to his hump! stead of the other
whale's; hat went offto windward, all fuking. Seeing how matters

stood, and what a noble grest whale it was—the noblest and biggest |

ever saw, sir, in my fife—t resolved to capture him, spite of the

boiling rage he seamed to be in, And thinking the hap-hazard tine would

get toose, or he tooth it was tangted to might draw {for [have a

devil ofa boat's crew for a pull on a whate-tine}, seeing all this,

say, |jumped into my frst mate’s boal_—Mr. Mountiop’s here {by the

way, Captain—Mountiop: Mounttop—the captain}, as Iwas saying, {jumped
