As he slood hovering over you haif suspended in air, so wildly and
‘sagerly peering towards the horizon, you would have thought him some
prophet or seer beholding the shadows of Fale, and by those wild cries
announcing their coming,

“There she blows! there! here! theref she blows! she blows!”
‘Where-away?”

*On the tee-beam, about two miles off a schoo! of them”
Instantly al was commotion

‘The Sperm Whale blows as a clock ticks, with the same undeviating and
reliable uniformity. And thereby whalemen distinguish this fish from
other tribes of his genus,

“There go flukes! was now the cry from Tashiego; and the whales.
disappeared

“Quick, steward" cried Ahab. “Fime! ime?

Dough-Boy hurried below, glanced al the waich, and reported the exact
‘minute to Arab.

‘The ship was now kept away from the wind, and she went gently rolling
before it. Tashtego reporting that the whales had gone down heading to
teeward, we confidently looked to see them again directly in advance of
‘our bows. For that singular craft al times evinced by the Sperm Whale
‘when, sounding with his head in one direction, he nevertheless, while
concealed beneath the surface, mills round, and swifly swims off in

the opposite quarter—this deceitfulness of his could not now be in
action; for there was no reason to suppose thal the fish seen by
Tashtego had been in any way alarmed, of indeed knew at all of our
vicinity. One of the men selected for shipkeepers—thatis, those aot
‘appoinied to the boats, by this time relieved the Indian at the

mgin-mast head. The sailors at the fore and riizzen had come down; the
fine tubs were fixed in their places; the cranes were thrust out, the
mainyard was hacked, and the three bats swung over the sea like three
samphire baskets over high cliffs. Outside of the bulwarks thelr eager
‘crews with one hand clung to the rail, while one foot was expectantly
poised on the guawale. So ook the tong tine of man-ofwar's men about
tp throw themseves on board an enemy's ship.

‘But a this critica! instant a sudden exclamation was heard that took

every eye from the whale. With a siatt all glared at dark Ahab, who was
surrounded by five dusky phantoms thal seemed fresh formed out of ait.

‘CHAPTER 48, The First Lowering,
