{LA burst of reveity from the forecastie_}

‘Oh, God! to sail with such a heathen erew that have small touch of
‘human mothers in them! Wheiped somewhere by the sharkish sea. The white
whale is their demigorgon. Hark! the infemal orgies! that revelry is

forward mark the unfattesing silence aft! Methinks it pictures fife

Foremost through the sparing sea shoots on the gay, embattied,

bantering bow, but only to drag dark Ahab after it, where he broods

within his stemward cabin, builded over the dead water of the wake,

and further on, hunted by its wolfish gurglings. The Jong how this

‘me throught Peace! ye revellers, and set the watch! Oh, ife ‘is in

‘an hour tke this, with soul beat down and held to knowledge,—as wild,
‘untulored things are forced to feed—Oh, life! tis now that Ido fee!

the latent horror in thea! but 'tis not met that horeor's out of me!

and with the soft feeling ofthe human in me, yet wilt by to fight

ye, ye grim, nhantom futures! Stand by me, hold me, bind me, Oye

blessed influencest

CHAPTER 39, First NightWatoh
Fore-Top.
{Stub solus, and mending a brace_.)

Hat hat hat hat hem? clear my theoattt've been thinking over it ever
since, and that fia, ha's the final consequence. Why 50? Because a
laugh's the wisest, easiest answer to all thal's queer; and come what
will, one comfort's always teft—that unfailing comforts, is all
predestinated, [heard not all hs talk with Starbuck, bul to my poor

‘eye Starbuck then looked something as tthe other evening felt. Be sure
the old Mogul fas fixed him, too. Htwigged it, knew it;had had the

aif, right readily have prophesied it_for when I olapped my eye upon
‘his skull Fsaw it. Well, Stubb, _wise_ Stubb—that's my ttle—wel

Stub, what efit, Stubb? Here's a earcase. !know not ail that may be
coming, but be it what itwil, PY go to it aughing. Such a waggish
Jeering as turks in atl your homibles! feet funny. Fa, tat era,

shia! What's my juicy litle pear at home doing now? Crying its eyes
‘out?—Giving a party to the last arrived harpooneers, | dare say, gay as
a frigate's pennant, and so am If lal ira, skirrat Oh—

We'll drink to-night with hearts as light, To love, as gay and fleeting
As bubbies that swim, on the beaker's brim, And break on the lips while
meeting,

Avbrave stave that—who calls? Mr. Starbuck? Aye, aye, sit—Aside_}
he's my superior, he has his too, if frm not mistaken.—Aye, aye, sit,
