used for mouth-pieces to pipes, for beads and omaments; but ambergris
is soft, waxy, and so highly fragrant and spicy, that itis largely

used In perfumery, in pastiles, precious candies, hair-powders, and
pomatum. The Turks use itin cooking, and also carry tio Mecca, for

the same purpose that frankincense is cartied to St. Peter's in Rome.
Some wine merchants drop a few grains into claret, to Ravor i.

Who would think, then, that such fine ladies and gentlemen should
regale themselves with an essence found in the ingiorious bowels of 9
sick whale! Yet sa itis. By some, ambergris is supposed to be the
cause, and by oiners the effect, of tke dyspepsia in the whale. How to
eure such a dyspepsia it were hard to say, unless by administering
three oF four boat loads of Brandreth’s pills, and then running out of
harm's way, as taborers do in blasting rocks.

have forgotten to say that there were found in this ambergrs,
certain hard, round, bony plates, which al frst Stubb thought might be
sailors’ rowsers buttons; but it aterwards tumed out that they were
nothing more than pieces of small squid bones embaimed in that manner.

Now that the ineortuption of this most fragrant ambergris should be
found in the heart of such decay; is this nothing? Bethink thee of that
saying of St. Paul in Corinthians, about comuption and incomuption:
‘how that we are sown in dishoner, butraised in glory. And Hkewise
‘all to mind that saying of Paracetsus about what itis that maketh the
best musk, Aiso forget not the strange fact that of all things of

WL savor, Cologne-water, in iis sudimental manufacturing stages, is
the worst.

| should fike to conclude the chapter with the above appeal, but
‘cannot, owing to my anxiety to tepet a charge often made against
whalemen, and whieh, in the estimation of some already biased minds,
might be considered as indirectly substantiated by what has been said
ofthe Frenchman's two whales, Elsewhere in this volume the slanderous
aspetsion has been disproved, that the vocation of whaling is

throughout a slatterly, untidy business. ut there is another thing to
rebut. They hint that all whales always smell bad. Now how did this.
odious stigma originate?

opine, that itis plainly traceable to the first arrival ofthe
‘Greenland whaling ships in Londan, more than two centuries aga. Because
those whalemen did not then, and do not now, try out their oll at sea

as the Southern ships have siways done: but cutting up the fresh

‘blubber in smatt bits, thrust it through the bung holes of targe casks,

and carry it home in that manner; the shoriness ofthe season in those

Icy Seas, and the sudden and violent storms to which they are exposed,
forbidding any other course. The consequence is, that upon breaking

inio the hold, and unioading one of these whale cemeteries. in he
‘Greenland dock, a savor is given forth somewhat similar to that arising

‘rom excavating an old eity grave-yard, for the foundations of 3
