“Isee nothing here, but a round thing made of gold, and whoever raises
a certain whale, this round thing betongs to him. So, what's al this,
slaring been about? His worth sixteen dallars, that's true, and at

two cents the cigar, thats nine hundred and sixty cigars. twon't,

‘smoke dirty pipes like Stubb, but Hike cigars, and here's nine

hundred and sinly of them; so here goes Flask atoftto spy ‘em out

shail | call that wise or foolish, now; ifitbe really wise ithas 2
foolish took to it; yet, iFitbe really foolish, then has ita sort of

wiseish took to it But, avast: here comres our old Manxman—the old
‘hearse-driver, he must have been, that is, before he took to the sea.

He tus up before the doubloon; halloa, and goes round on the other
side ofthe mast; why, there's a horse-shoe nailed on that side; and

now he's back again; what does that mean? Hark! he's muttering—voice
{ike an ald worn-out coffee-mill, Prick ears, and listen”

“ithe White Whale be taised, it must be in a month and a day, when
the sun stands in some one ofthese signs. Ive studied signs, and know
their marks; they were taught me two score years ago, by the old witch
In Copenhagen. Now, In what sign will the sun then be? The horse-shoe
‘sign; for there itis, sight opposite the gold. And what's the

hhorse-shoe sign? The lion is the horse-shoe sign—the roaring and
devouring tion. Ship, oid ship! my old head shakes to think of thee.”

“There's another rendering now; but stil one text All sorts of men in
one kind of world, you see. Dodge again! here comes Queequeg—all
tattooing—tooks like the signs of the Zodiac himself. What says the
Cannibal? As Hive he’s comparing notes; tooking at his thigh bone:

thinks the sun is in the thigh, oF in the calf, or in the bowels, F

suppose, as the old women tatk Surgeon's Astronomy In the back country.
And by Jove, he's found something there in the vicinity of his thigh—t
‘guess It’s Saaitiarius, of the Archer. No: he don't know what fo make

‘ofthe doutbloon; he takes i for an old bution off some king's

rowisers. But, aside again! here comes that ghost devil, Fedallah; tail
coiled out of sight as usual, oakum in the toes of his pumps as usual.

What does he say, with that look af his? Ab, only makes a sign to the

sign and bows himself there is a sun on the caln—fre worshipper,

depend upon it. Hof more and more. This way comes Pip—poor boy! would
‘he had died, or f, he's haif horrible to me. He too has been watching

ail ofthese interpreters—myseifincluded—and look now, he comes to
‘sead, with that unearthly idiot face. Stand away again and hear him,

Hack

“Hook, you took, he looks; we look, ye Jook, they took”

“Upon my soul, he’s been studying Murray's Grammar! Improving his arind,
‘poor fellow! But what's that he says now—histt™

“Hook, you look, he looks: we look, ye took, they took”
