frequently open his mouth, and retain itin that dread expansion for
several consecutive minutes. But Fmust be content with anly one more
and a concluding Itustration, s remarkable and most significant one,
‘by which you will not fall to see, that not only is the most marvellous
eventin this book corroborated by plain facts of the present day, but
thal these marvels (ike all marvels} are mere repetitions of the ages;

so that for the silionth time we say amen with Solomon—Verily there Is,
nothing new under the sun.

Inthe sixth Christian century ved Procopius, a Christian magistrate
of Constantinople, in the days when Justinian was Emperor and
Betisarius general. As many know, he wrote the history of his own
limes, a work every way af uncommon value. By the best authoriies, ne
thas always been considered a most trustworthy and unexaggerating
historian, except in some one or two particulars, not at ail affecting

the matter presently to be mentioned,

Now, in this history of his, Procopius mentions that, during the term
of his prefecture at Constantinople, a great sea-monster was captured
in the neighboring Propontis, or Sea of Marmora, after having destroyed
vessels at intervals in those waters for a period of more than fy

years, A fact thus set dawn in substantial history cannot easily be
gainsaid. Nor is there any reason it should be. Of what precise species
this sea-monster was, is not mantioned. But as he destroyed ships, as
wall as for other reasons, he must have been a whale, and tam strongly
inclined to think a sperm whale. And Iwill ell you why. For a fong

time Hfancied that the sperm whale had been always unknown in the
Mediterranean and the deep waters connecting with it Even now tam
certain that those seas are nol, and perhaps never can be, in the
present constitution of things, a place for his habitual gregarious

Tesort. Bul further investigations have recently proved fo me, that In
‘modem times there have been isolated instanoes of the presence of the
sperm whale in the Mediterranean, !am told, on good authority, that on
the Barhary coast, a Commodore Davis of the British navy found the
skeleton of a sperm whale. Now. as a vessel ofwar readily passes:
through the Dardanetles, hence a sperm whale could, by the same route,
pass out ofthe Mediterranean into the Propontis.

In the Propontis, as far as tcan lear, none of that pecutiar
substance called _brit_is to be found, the ailment ofthe right whale.
But Ihave every reason to helieve that the food of the sperm
‘whale—squid or cuttle-fsh—turks at the bottom of that sea, because
targe creatures, but by no means the largest of that sort, have been
found at its surface. If, then, you properly put these statements
together, and reason upon them a bit, you wil clearly perceive that,
according to all human reasoning, Procopius's sea-monster, that for
half century stove the ships of a Roman Emperor, mustin all
probability have been a sperm whale
