“Bad news; she brings bad news’ muttered the old Manxman. But ere her
commander, who, with trumpet to mouth, stood up in his boat, ere he
could hopefully hail, Ahab's voice was heard.

“Hast seen the While Whale?”
“Aye, yesterday. Have ye seen a whale-boat ade?”

“Throting his joy, Ahab negatively answered this unexpected question,
and would then have fain boarded the stranger, when the stranger
captain himself, having stopped his vesset's way, was seen descending
her side. A few keen puis, and his boat-hook soon clinched the
Pequad's main-chains, and he sprang to the deck. Immediately he was
recognised by Ahab for a Nantucketer he knew. But no formal salutation
was exchanged,

“Where was he?—not Killednot Kiled cried Ahab, closely advancing
“How was it?”

seemed that somewhat late on the afiernoon of the day previous,
while three ofthe stranger's boats were engaged with a shoal of,

whales, which had led them some four or five miles from the ship: and
while they were yet in swift chase to windward, the white hump and head
of Moby Dick had suddenly foomed up out ofthe water, not very far to
feeward; whereupon, the fourth rigged boat—a reserved one—had been
instantly lowered in chase. After a keen sail before the wind, this

fourth boat the swiftest keeled of all—seemed to have succeeded in
fastening—al east, as well as the man at the mast-head could tell
anything about it. fn the distanos he saw the diminished dotted boat;

‘and then a swift gleam of bubbling white water, and after that nothing
‘more; whenes it was concluded that the stricken whale must have
indefinltely run away with his pursuers, as often happens. There was,
some apprehension, but no positive atarm, as yet. The recall signals
‘were placed in the rigging; darkness came on; and forced to pick up her
three far to windward boais—ere going in quest of the fourth one in the
precisely opposite direction—the ship had not only been necessitated to
feave that baat to its fate til near midnight, but, forthe time, to

increase her distance from it. But the rest af her crew being atlast

safe aboard, she crowded all sail—stunsail on stunsail—after the
missing boat: kindling a fre in her y-pots for a beacon; and every

‘other man atoft on the fook-out. But though when she had thus sailed a
sufficient distance to gain the presumed place ofthe absent ones when,
ast seen; though she then paused to lower her spare boats to pull all
‘around her; and not finding anything, had again dashed on; again
paused, and lowered her boats, and though she had thus continued doing
1H daylight; yet not he least glimpse of the missing keel had been

‘The story told, the stranger Captain immediately went on to reveal his
