haifwhate, so as only to give the tail ofthe fatter, yet that smait
section of him is ail wrong, Hiooks more fike the tapering tail otan
anaconda, than the broad palms of the tue whale's majestic hukes.

But go to the old Gatieries, and fonk now ata great Christian
painter's portrait ofthis ish; for he sucoseds no etter than the

antediluvian Hindoo. itis Guido's picture of Perseus rescuing

Andromeda from the sea-monster or whale. Where did Guido get the model
‘ofsuch a strange creature as that? Nor does Hogarth, in painting the

same scene in his ovn “Perseus Descending,” make out one whit better.
‘The huge corpulence of that Hogarthian monster undulates on the

surface, scarcely drawing one inch of water. tthas a sort ofhowdah on

fis back, and its distended tusked mouth into which the billows are

rolling, might be taken for the Traitors’ Gate leading from the Thames

‘by water inio the Tower. Then, there are the Prodromus whales of old
Sooich Sibbald, and Jonah's whale, as depicted in the prints of old

Bibles and the cuts of old primers. What shall be said ofthese? As for

the book-binder's whate winding tke a vine-stalk round the stock of a
descending snchor—as stamped and glided on the backs and tile-pages of
‘many books both old and new—thatis a very picturesque but purely
fabulous creature, imitated, take it, from the like figures on

antique vases. Though universafly denominated a dolphin, inevertheless
‘ail this book-binder's fish an attempt at a whate: because it was so
intended when the device was first introduced. itwas introduced by an

ld Ralian publisher somewhere about the 15th century, during the

Revival of Leaming; and in those days, and even down io a

‘comparatively late petiod, dolphins were popularly supposed to be a
species of the Leviathan

nthe vignettes and other embeitishments of some ancient books you
will at times meet with very curious touches at the whale, where all
manner of spouts, jets d'eau, hot springs and cold, Saratoga and
‘Baden-Baden, come bubbling up from his unexhausted brain. In the
{ie-page ofthe original edition of the "Advancement of Learning’ you
will ind some curious whales.

‘But quitting all these unprofessional attempis, fetus glance at those
pictures of feviathan purporting to be sober, scientific delineations,

by those who know. In old Harts's collection of voyages there are some.
plates of whales extracted from a Dutch book of voyages, A.D. 1871,
‘sniitled “A Whaling Voyage to Spitzbergen in the ship Jonas in the
Whale, Peter Peterson of Friesland, master.” In one of those plates the
whales, jike great rafts offogs, are represented iying among

lce-isles, with white bears sunning over their tiving backs. in another
plate, the prodigious blunder is made of representing the whale with
perpendicular flukes,

‘Then again, there is an imposing quarto, wxitten by one Captain
Coinett, a Past Captain in the English navy, entitied "A Voyage round
‘Cape Harn into the South Seas, for the purpose of extending the
