“Cook, said Stubb, rapidly lifting a rather reddish morsel to his
mouth, “don't you think this steak is rather overdone? You've been
beating this steak too much, conk: i's too tender. Don't always say
that to be good, a whale-steak must be tough? There are those sharks
now over the side, don't you see they prefer it tough and rare? What a
shindy they are kicking up! Cook, go and taik fo ‘em: tell ‘em they are
welvome to help themselves civilly, and in moderation, but they must
keep quiet. Blast me, iff can hear my own voice. Away, cook, and
deliver my message. Hera, take this lantern,” snatching one fram his
sideboard: “naw then, ga and preach to ‘em

Suilenty taking the affered tantem, old Fleece limped across the deck
to the bulwarks; and then, with one hand dropping his light iow over
the sea, s0 as to get a good view of his congregation, with the other
hand he solemnly flourished his tongs, and leaning far over the side In
‘a mumbling voice began addressing the sharks, while Stubb, softy
‘crawling behind, overheard al hat was said.

“Fellow-critters: 'se ordered here to say dat you must stop dat dam
noise dare. You hear? Stop dat dam smackin’ ob de lip! Massa Stubb say
dat you can fil your dam beflies up to de hatchings, but by Gor you

must stop dat dam racket”

“Cook,” here interposed Stubb, accompanying the word with a sudden siap
on the shoulder, ‘Cook! why, damn your eyes, you mustn't swear that way
when you're preaching, That's no way to convert sinners, cook!"

  

“Who dat? Den preach to him yourself," sullenty turning to go.
*No, cook: go on, go on."
“Well, den, Belubed feliow-critters—

“Right” exolaimed Stubb, approvingly, “coax ‘em to it; ty that,” and
Fleeee continued,

*Do you is all sharks, and by natur wary woracious, yet I zay to you,
{fetlow-critiers, dat dat woraciousness—top dat dam slappin’ ob de
tall! How you tink to hear, spose you keep up such a dam slappin’ and
bitin’ dare?"

“Cook, cried Stubb, collaring him, “I won't have thal swearing. Talk
to "em gentiemanty.”

‘Once move the sermon proceeded.

“Your woraciousness, fellow-eriters, tdon't blame ye so much for: dat
is natur, and can'tbe helped; but to gobem dat wicked natur, dat is
4e pint. You ie sharks, sartin; but ifyou gobern de shark in you, why
den you de anget, for all angel Is not'ing more dan de shack welt
