you stand?”

as a litte staggered, but go a-whaling I must, and f would: and the
Pequod was as good a ship as any! thought the best—and al this !now
repeated to Peleg. Seeing me so determined, he expressed his
‘wiltagness to ship me.

“And thou mayest as well sign the papers right off he added—‘come
along with ye.” And so saying, he ted the way balow deck into the
cabin,

Seated on the transom was what seemed to me a most uncommon and
surprising figure. tttumned out to be Captain Bildad, who atong with
Captain Peleg was one of the largest owners of the vessel: the other
shares, as is sometimes the case in these ports, being held by a crowd
ofold annuitants; widows, fatheriess children, and chancery wards,
ach owning about the value of a timber head, ar a footof plank, or a
‘hall ar two in the ship. Peopie in Nantucket invest their money in
whaling vessels, the same way that you do yours in approved state
stocks bringing in good interest

Now, Bildad, tke Peleg, and indeed many other Nantucketers, was @
‘Quaker, the island having been originally settled by that sect; and to
this day its jahabitants ia general retain in an uncommon measure the
peculiarities of the Quaker, only variously and anomalously modified by
things altogether alien and heterogeneous. For some ofthese same
‘Quakers are the most sanguinary of al sailors and whale-hunters. They
are fighting Quakers’ hey are Quakers with a vengeance,

So that there are instances among them of men, who, named with
Scripture names—a singularly common fashion on the istand—and in
childhood naturally imbibing the stately dramatic thee and thou ofthe
‘Quaker idiom: stil, from the audacious, daring, and boundless:

adventure of their subsequent fives, strangely blend with these
unoutgrown peculiarities, a thousand bold dashes of character, not
unworihy a Scandinavian sea-king, or a poetical Ragan Roman. And when
these things unite in a man of greatly superior natural force, with 3
globular brain and a ponderous heart; who has also by the stitiness and
seclusion of many fong nightwatches in the remotest waters, and
beneath constellations never seen here at the north, been fed to think
untraditionally and independently; receiving all nature’s sweet or

savage impressions fresh from her awn virgin voluntary and confiding
breast, and thereby chiefly, but with some help from accidental
advantages, to learn a bold and nervous lofty language—that man makes
‘one in a whofe nation’s census—a mighty pageant creature, formed for
noble tragedies. Nor wil it at all detract from him, dramatically

regarded, if either by birth or other circumstances, he have what seems

a haif wilful overruling mocbidness at the bottom of his nature. For

ail men tragically great are made so through a certain morbidness. Be
sure ofthis, © young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease.
