Stubb. Did you ever notice how that tusk of his is a sort of carved
into a snake's head, Stubb?”

“Sink him t never fook at him at ail; but ifever Iget a chance of a
dark night, and he standing hard by the bulwarks, and no one by: took
down there, Flask"—pointing into the sea with a peculiar motion of both
‘nands—Aye, will f Flask, Hake that Fedaiiah to he the devil in
disguise. Do you betleve that cock and tut story about his having been
stowed away on board ship? He's the devi, lay. The reason why you
Bon't see his tal, is because he tucks itup out of sight: he camies
iteoiled away io his pocket, | guess. Blast hav now that think of

ii, he's always wanting oakurn to stuff into the toes of his boots.”

“He sleeps in his boots, don'the? He hasn't got any hammock; bit Ive
seen him lay of nights in a coil of rigging.”

“No doubt, and it's because of his cursed ta;he coils itdown, do ye
see, in the eye ofthe rigging”

“What's the old man have so mush to do with fim for?”
“Striking up a swap of a bargain, fsuppose”
“Bargain?—about what?”

“Why, do ye see. the old man is hard bent after that White Whale, and
the devil there is tying to come round him, and get him to swap away
‘his sliver watch, or his soul, or something of tat sort, and then

‘bell surrender Moby Dick”

“Pooh! Stubb, you are skylarking: how can Fedaltah do that?”

“Idon't know, Flask, but the devil is 2 curious chap, and a wicked
‘one, Fell ye. Why, they say as how he weat a sauntering inio the old
fag-ship once, switching his tail about devilish easy and
‘gentiemantike, and inquiring iTthe old govemer was at home. Well, he
was athome, and asked the devil whathe wanted, The devil, switching
is hoo's, up and says, twant John.” "What for?! says the old

governor. What business is that of yours,’ says the devil, geting
‘mmad,—'lwant to use hin” "Take him, says the governor—and by the
Lord, Flask, ifthe devil didn't give Joha the Asiatic cholera before

he got through with him, 1H eat this whale in one mouthful. But took
sharp—ain't you all ready there? Wel, then, pull shead, and iets get
the whale alongside”

“Lihink Fremember some such story as you were telling.” said Flask,
when al last the tio boats were slowly advancing with their burden
towards the ship, “but {can't remember where”

“Three Spaniards? Adventures of those three bloody-minded soldadoes?
