getting a tivetinood”™
“tis his

“t thought to relieve my old bedridden mother by part of ay share of
this whaie”

“Hishis”
“Won't the Duke be content with a quarter of a half?”
“Hiss”

Ina word, the whale was seized and sold, and his Grace the Duke of
Wellington saceived the maney. Thinking that viewed in same particular
fights, the case might by a bare possibility in some small degres be
deemed, under the circumstances, a rather hard one, an honest clergyman
of the town respectiully addressed a note to his Grace, begging him to

take the case of those unfortunate mariners into full consideration, To
‘which my Lord Duke in substance reptied (both letters were published)
that he had already done so, and received the money, and would be
obtiged to the reverend gentleman iffor the future he (the reverend
gentleman) would deciine meddting with other people's business. Is this,

the stil militant old man, standing at the comers of the three

Kingdoms, on all hands evercing aime of beggars?

lt wil readily be seen that inthis case the alleged right ofthe Duke
to the whale was a delegated one from the Sovereign. We must needs
inquire then on what principie the Savereign is originally Invested

‘with that right. The law itself has already been set forth. But Plowdon

gives us the season for, Says Piowdon, the whale so caught belongs

to the King and Queen, “because ofits superior excellence.” And by the
soundest commentators this has ever heen held 2 cogent argumentin such
matters

But why should the King have the head, and the Queen the tall? A reason
{or thal, ye lawyers!

Inthis treatise on “Queen-Gold,’ or Queen-pinmoney, an old King’s Bench
author, one Wiliam Prynne, thus discourseth: “Ye tail is ye Queen's,

that ye Queen's wardrobe may be supplied with ye whalebone” Now this
was written ata time when the black fimber bone ofthe Greenland or
Right whale was largely used in fadies' bodices. But this same bone is,
notin the tall, itis in the head, which is a ead mistake for a

sagacious lawyer like Prynne. But is the Queen 2 mermaid, to be
presented with a tail? An allegorical meaning may turk here.

‘There are two royal fish so styfed by the English law writers—the whate
and the sturgeon: both royat property under certain fimitations, and
neminafly suppiying the tenth branch ofthe crown's ordinary revenue. |
