fong-togs 80, Flask, but seems fo me, 2 long tailed coat ought always
tp be worn in ail storms afloat. The tails tapering down that way,

serve to carry offthe water, d'ye see. Same with cocked hats; the

‘cacks form gable-end eave-troughs, Flask. No more monkey jackets and
tarpaulins for me; Hust mount a swallow-tail, and drive down a

beaver: so. Halloa! whew! there goes my tarpaulin overboard: Lord

‘Lord, that the winds that come from heaven should be so unmannerty!
This is a nasty night, iad”

CHAPTER 122. Midnight Alof.—Thunder and Lightning
__The main-top-sail yard_—_Tashtego passing new lashings around it

“Um, um, am. Stop that thunder Plenty too auch thunder up here. What's
the use of thunder? Um, um, um. We don't want thunder, we want rum:
give usa giass of im. Um, urs, ura”

CHAPTER 123, The Musket.

During the most violent shocks ofthe Typhoon, the man at the Pequod’s
jaw-bone tiller had several times been reelingly hurled to the deck by

its spasmodic motions, even though preventer tackles had been attached
to It—for they were slack—because some play to the filler was
indispensable

na severe gale lke this, while the ship is buta tossed shuttiesock
to the blast, itis by no means uncomaton to see the needies in the
‘compasses, at intervals, go round and round. twas thus with the
Pequod's; at almost every shock the helmsman had not failed to notios
the whirling velocity with which they revolved upon the cards: itis a
sight that hardly anyone can behold without some sort of unwonted
emotion,

Some hours after midnight, the Typhoon abated so much, that through the
strenuous exertions of Starbuck and Stubb—ane engaged foward and the
othar aft—the shivered remnants ofthe jib and fore and main-top-sails
were cut adrift from the spars, and went eddying away to leeward, fike

the feathers of an athatroas, which sometimes are cast to the winds

when that storm-tossed bird is on the wing

‘The three conesponding new sails were now bent and refed, and a
storm-tysail was set further aft; so that the ship soon went through

the water with some precision again; and the course—for the present,
Eastsouth-east—which he was to sleer, practicable, was ance more
given to the helmsman. For during the violence ofthe gale, he had only
sleeted according to its vieissitudes. But as he was now bringing the
ship as near her course as possible, watching the compass meanwhie,
{ot @ good sign! the wind seemed coming round astern; aye, the foul
