good rights, we harpooneers of Nantucket should be enrotted in the most
noble order of St. George. And therefore, fet not the knights of that
honorable company (none of whom, I venture to say, have ever had to do
with a whale like their great patron), Jel them never eye a Nantuckeler
with disdain, since even in our woollen frocks and tarred trowsers we

are much better entited to St. George's decoration than they.

Whether to admit Hercules among us or not, conceming this Hong
remained dubious: for though according to the Greek mythologies, that
antique Crockett and Kit Carson—that brawny doer of rejoicing good
deeds, was swallowed down and thrown up by a whale; stil, whether that
stictly makes a whaieman of him, that might be mooted. It nowhere
appears that he ever actually harpoored his fish, uniess, indeed, from

the inside. Nevertheless, he may be deemed a sort of involuntary
whaleman; at any rate the whale caught him, ithe did not the whale.
claim him for one of our clan,

But, by the best contradictory authorities, this Grecian story of
Hercules and the whale is considered to be derived from the still mare
ancient Hebrew story of Jonah and the whale; and vice versa: certainty
they are very similar. I tclaim the demi-god then, why not the

prophet?

Nor do heroes, saints, demigods, and prophets alone comprise the whole
roll of our order. Our grand masters sil to be named: for ke

royal kings of old times, we find the head waters of our fratemity in

nothing short af the great gods themselves. That wondrous oriental

story is now to be rehearsed fram the Shaster, which gives us the dread
Vishnoo, one ofthe three persons in the godhead of the Hindoos; gives

us this divine Vishnoo himself for our Lord;—Vishnoo, who, by the first

of his ten earthly incamations, has for ever set apart and sanctified

the whale. When Brahma, or the God of Gods, saith the Shaster, resolved

to fecteate the world afier one of is periodical dissolutions, he gave

birth ta Vishnoo, to preside over the work, but the Vedas, or mystical

books, whose perusal would seem to have been indispensable to Vishnoo
‘before beginning the creation, and which therefore must have contained
something in the shape of practical hints to young architects, these

Vedas were tying at the bottom of the waters; so Vishnoo became

incamate in a whate, and sounding down in hima to the uttermost depths,
sescued the sacted volumes. Was not this Vishnoo a whaleman, then? even
‘as.a man who rides a horse is called a horseman?

Pesseus, St George, Hercules, Jonah, and Vishnoo! there's a
‘member ‘oll far your What club but the whaleman's can head off ike
that?

‘CHAPTER 83, Jonah Historically Regarded

Reference was made to the historical story of Jonah and the whale in
