pretty near to each other, Stubb hailed the mate,

“Mr, Starbuck! tarboard boat there, ahoy! a word with ye, sir, itye
please!”

“Halloal retumed Starbuck, turning round not a single inch as he
spoke: stil earnestly but whisperingly urging his crew: his face set
{ike a fint from Stubb's,

“What think ye of those yellow boys, et

“Smuggled on board, somehow, before the ship sailed. (Strong, strong,
boys in a whisper fo his crew, then speaking out loud again: "A sad
business, Mr. Stub! (seethe her, seethe her, my tads!} bul never mind,
Ms. Stubb, ail for the Dest. Let all your crew puif strong, come what

will (Spring. my men, springl) There's hogsheads of sperm ahead, Mr
Stubb, and that's what ye came for. (Pull, my boys!) Sperm, spesm’'s the
play! This at least is duly, duty and profit hand in hand

“Aye, aye, Hthought as much, soliloquized Stubb, when the boats
diverged, “as soon as telapt eye on ‘em, thought so. Aye, and that’s

what he went inta the afer hold for, so often, as Dough-Boy long

suspecied. They were hidden down there. The White Whale's af the bottom
fit. Well, wel, so be it! Can't be helped! All right! Give way, ment

ain't the White Whate to-day! Give way!

Now the advent of these outlandish strangers at such a critcat instant
as the lowering of the boats from the deck, this had not unreasonably
awakened a sort of superstitious amazement in some of the ship's
company, but Archy’s fancied discovery having some time previous got
abroad among them, though indeed not credited then, this had in some
‘smafl measure prepared them for the event. took ofthe extreme edge.
oftheir wonder, and so what with ail his and Stubb's confident way of
‘aepounting for thelr appearance, they were for he time freed from
superstitious surmisings; though the affair stl! Jeft abundant oon

{or all manner of wild conjectures as to dark Ahab's precise agency in

the matter from the beginning. For me. silently recalled the

mysterious shadows [had seen creeping on board the Pequod during the
im Nantucket dawn, as weil as the enigmatical hintings of the
unaecountable Eljah,

Meantime, Ahab, out of hearing ofthis offers, having sided the
furthest to windward, was stil ranging ahead of the other boats, a
circumstance bespeaking how potent a crew was pulling him. Those tiger
yellow crealures of his seemed afl steel and whalebone, ike five
‘tip-hammers they tose and fell with regular strokes af strength. which
pesiodically started the boat along the water lke a horizontal burst

oiler out of Mississippi steamer. As for Fedaliah, who was seen

‘pulling the harpooneer oar, he had thrown aside his black jacket, and
‘isplayed his naked chest with the whole part of his body above the
