sleep between billows; so at nightfall, the Nantucketer, out of sight
ofland, furs his sais, and lays him to his rest, while under his
very pillow tush herds of waituses and whales.

‘CHAPTER 15. Chowder.

was quite tate in the evening when the file Moss came snugly to
anchor, and Queequeg and | went ashore; so we could attend to no
business that day, at least none but a supper and a bed, The tandiord
ofthe Spouter-inn had recommended us to his cousin Hosea Hussey of the
‘Try Pots, whom he asserted to be the proprietor of one ofthe best kept
hotels in aif Nantucket, and moreover he had assured us that Cousia,
Hosea, as he called him, was famous for his chowders. In short, he

pizinty hinted that we could not possibly do better than try potluck

at the Try Pots. But the directions he had given us about keeping 2

yellow warehouse on our starboard hand till we opened a white church to
the farboard, and then keeping that on the farboard hand til we made a
‘comer three points to the starboard, and that done, then ask the first

man we met where the place was: these crooked directions of his very
‘smuch puzzied us at frst, especially as, at the outset, Quesqueg

insisted that the yetlow warehouse—our first point of departure—must be
{eft on the larboard hand, whereas had understood Peter Coffin io say
‘twas on the starboard. However, by dint of beating about a title in

the dark, and now and then knocking up a peaceable inhabitant to

inquire the way, we atlast came to something which there was no
mistaking,

‘Two enormous wooden pols painted black, and suspended by asses’ ears,
swung fromm the crose-trees of an old top-mast, planted in front of an

‘old doorway. The homs ofthe cross-trees were sawed offon the other
side, so thal this old top-mast tooked not a litle ike a galtows,

Perhaps twas over sensitive to such impressions at the time, but

could not help staring at this galiows with a vague misgiving. A sort

of erick was in my neck as t gazed up to the two remaining hors; yes,
_two_of them, one for Queequeg, and one for me. t's ominous, thinks
TA Coffin my innkeeper upon tanding in my frst whaling port,
tombstones staring at me in the whalemen's chapel, and here a gallows!
and a pair of prodigious black pals tool Are these last throwing out
‘oblique hinis touching Topher?

was called from these reflections by the sight ofa freckled woman,
‘with yeltow hait and a yellow gown, standing in the porch of the fan,
under a dull red lamp swinging there, that looked much like an injured
eye, and carrying on a brisk scatding with a man in a pusple woollen
shirt.

“Get aiong with ye," said she to the man, “or fil be combing ye

“Come on, Queequeg.” said |,“all right. There's Mrs, Hussey”
