“Line! inet” cried Queequeg, tooking over the gunwale; ‘hior fast hot
‘astl_Who fine him! Who siruick?—Two whale: one big, one litte”

“What ails ye, man?” ovied Starbuck.
“Looke here,” said Queequeg, pointing down,

‘As when the stricken whale, that from the tub has reeled out hundreds
offathoms of rope; as, after deep sounding, he floats up again, and
shows the stackened cuding fine buoyantly rising and spiralling
towards the air; so now, Starbuck saw long coils of the umbilical cord
of Madame Leviathan, by which the young cub seemed stil tethered to
its dam. Not seldom in the rapid vicissitudes of the chase, this

‘aturat ine, with the matemal end loose, becomes entangied with the
‘hempen one, so thal the cub is thereby rapped. Some of the subtest
secrets of the seas seemed divulged to us in this enchanted pand. We
‘saw young Leviathan amours in the deep.”

“The sperm whale, as with ail other species of the Leviathan, but
‘unlike most other fish, breeds indifferently at all seasons; after a
gestation which may probably be set down at nine months, producing but
‘one ata time; though in some few known instances giving bisth to an
Esau and Jacob:—a contingency provided for in suckling by two teats,
curiously situated, one on each side ofthe anus; but the breasts
themselves extend upwards from that. When by chance these precious,
arts In a nursing whale are out by the hunter's tance, the mother's
pouring midi and blood rivattingly discofaur the sea for rods. The mit

is very sweet and rich; ithas been tasted by man; it might do well

with strawberries. When overfowing with mutual esteem, the whales
salute _mare hominum,

And thus, thaugh surrounded by circle upon circle of consiernations and
affrights, did these inscrutable creatures at the centre frealy and

‘fearlessly indulge in all peaceful concemments; yea, serenely revelted

In dafliance and delight. But even so, amid the tornadoed Atfantic of

my being, do | myself stil for ever centrally disport in mute cairn,

and while panderous planets of unwaning woe revolve round me, deep down
‘and deep intand there | stil bathe me in eternat mildness of joy.

Meanwhile, as we thus lay entranced, the occasional sudden frantic,
speciaces in the distance evinced the activity ofthe other boats,

sl engaged in drugging the whales on the frontier af the host oF

possibly carrying on the war within the frst circle, where abundance
ofroom and some convenient retreats were afforded them. But the sight
ofthe enraged drugged whales now and then blindly darting fo and fro
across the circles, was nothing to what at fast met our eyes. tis,

‘sometimes the custom when fast to a whale more than commonly powerful
and alert to seek to hamstring him, as it were, by sundering or

‘maiming his gigantic tail-tendon, itis done by darting a shor-handled
cutting-spade, to which Is attached a sope for hauling itback again. A
