In another ptace—p. 45,—he speaks of”_the mysterious and mortal attack
ofthe animal_”

Secondly: The ship Union, also of Nantucket, was in the year 1807
tially ost off the Azores by a siewlar anset, but the authentic
particulars of his catastrophe thave never chanced to encounter,
though from the whale hunters thave now and then heard casual
allusions to i

‘Thirdly: Come eighteen or twenty years ago Commodore J then
‘commanding an American sloop-ofwar of the frst class, happened to be
dining with a party of whating captains, on board a Nantucket ship ia

the harbor of Oshu, Sandwich Islands, Conversation turning upon whales,
the Commodore was pleased to be sceptical touching the amazing strength
ascribed to them by the professional gentlemen present. He peremptonly
denied for example, that any whale could so smite his stout

sloop-of war as to cause her to teak so much as a thimbleful. Very

‘ga0d; but there is more coming. Some weeks after, the Commodare set

sail in this impregnable craft for Valparaiso. But he was siopped on

the way by a portly sperm whale, thal begged a few moments’

‘confidential business with him. That business consisted in fetching the
‘Commodore's oraft such a thwack, that with aif his pumps going he made
straight for the nearest port to heave down and repair. fam not
superstitious, but | consider the Commodore's Interview with that whale

as providential. Was not Saul of Tarsus converted from unbelief by @

similar right? Hefl you, the sperm whale will stand na nonsense.

I il now refer yau to Langsdorff's Voyages for a litle clreumstance
in point, peculiarly interesting to the witer hereof. Langsdorff, you

must know by the way, was attached to the Russian Admiral Krusenstern's.
famous Liscavery Expedition in the beginning ofthe present century.
Captain Langsdorff thus begins his seventeenth chapter:

“By the thirteenth of May our ship was ready to sail, and the next day
we were out in the open sea, on our way to Ochoish, The weather was.
very clear and fine, but so intoterably cold that we were obtiged to

keep on our fur clothing, For some days we had very tte wind: itwas
ot il the nineteenth that a brisk gale from the northwest sprang up.

‘An uncommon targe whale, the body of which was farger than the ship
iHself, tay almost at the surface of the water, but was not perceived

by any ane on board tl the moment when the ship, which was in full
sail, wae almost upon him, so that itwas impossible to prevent Its
striking against him. We were thus placed in the most imminent danger,
as this gigantic creature, setting up ils back, raised the ship three

‘eet atleast out of the water. The masis reeied, and the sails fell
altogether, while we who were below all sprang instantly upon the deck,
‘concluding that we had struck upon some fock; instead of this we saw
the monster salting off with the ulmost gravity and eofemmnity. Captain
D'Wott appiied immediately to the pumps to examine whether or not the
‘vessel had received any damage from the shock, but we found that very
