inte Mounttop's boat, which, d'ye see, was gunwate and gunwale with
mine, then; and snatching the first harpoon, tet this old

great grandfather have it. Gut, Lord, look you, sit—hearts and souls
ative, man—the next instant, in a ji, Fwas blind as a bat—both eyes
‘out_all betogged and bedeadened with Diack foam—the whate's tal
jooming straight up out of i, perpendicular in the air. ke a marble
steeple. No use steming al, hen; but as twas groping at midday,

with 3 blinding sun, all erown-jewels; as Fwas groping, fsay, after

the second ion, to toss it overboard-—down comes the tail ike a Lima
tower, cutting my boat in two, leaving each haif in splinters; and,

‘fukes first, the white hump backed through the wreck, as though itwas
all chips. We ail siruck out. To escape fis terrible faitings, F

seized hold af my harpoon-pole sticking in him, and for a moment clung
to that tke @ sucking fish. But a combing sea dashed me off, and at

the same instant, the fish, taking one good dart forwards, went down
{ike a flash; and the barb of that cursed second iron towing along near
me caught me here” (clapping his hand just below his shoulder), "yes,
caught me just here, b gay, and bore me down to Heti's flames, twas
thinking: when, when, ail of sudden, thank the good God, the barb
‘pt its way along the flesh—clear along the whole length of my
arm—ame out nigh my wrist, and up Ffioated:—and that gentleman there
will tell you the rest (by the way, caplain—Dr. Bunger, ship's surgeon’
‘Bunger, my lad,—the captain}. Now, Bunger boy, spin your part of the
yam

‘The professional gentieman thus familiarly pointed out, had been all
the time standing near them, with nothing specific visible, to denote

hnis gentlemanly rank on board, His face was an exceedingly round but
sober one; he was dressed in a faded blue woollen frock oF shirt, and
patched towsers, and had thus far been dividing his attention between
a marlingspike he held in one hand, and a pill-box held in the other,
occasionally casting a critical glance at the ivory timbs of the two
crippled captains. But, at his superiors introduction of him to Ahab,

he politely bowed, and straightway went on to do his captain's bidding.

“twas a shocking bad wound,” began the whale-surgeon; “and, taking my
advice, Captain Boomer here, stood our ald Sammy—

“Samuel Endesy is the name of my ship, interupted the one-armed
captain, addressing Ahab; “go on. boy.”

“Stood our old Sammy offto the northward, to get out of the blazing
hot weather there on the Line, Butit was no use—t did all !eould; sat
Lup with him nights; was very severe with him in the matter of diet

“Oh, very severe!” chimed in the patient himself, hen suddenty
aiteting his voice, “Drinking hot rum toddies with me every night, ti

he couldn't see to put on the bandages; and sending me to bed, half
‘seas over, about three o'clock in the moming. Oh, ye stars! he sat up
with me indeed, and was very severe in my diet. Ohta great watcher,
