island, and remain there six days. Ii do not, may tightnings strike

~A pretty scholar faughed the Lakeman. ‘Adios, Senos!’ and Jeaping
into the sea, he swam back to his comrades.

"Watching the boat tit it was fairly beached, and drawn up to the
roots ofthe oocoa-nut tees, Steeikit made sail again, and in due

time artived at Tait, his own place of destination. There, tuck
bettiended him: two ships were about to sai for Franoe, and were
providentiaity in want of precisely that number af men which the sailor
headed. They embarked: and so for ever got the slatt of their former
captain, had he been at sll minded to work them legal retribution,

“Some ten days after the French ships sailed, the whale-boat arrived,
and the captain was forced to enlist some of the more civilized
Tahitians, who had been somewhat used to the sea. Chartering a smal
native schooner, he retumed with them to his vessel: and finding all
‘ight there, again resumed his crulsings,

“Where Stecikilt now is, genllemen, none know; but upon the island of
Nantucket, the widow of Radney sil tuins to the sea which refuses to
give up its dead; sti in dreams sees the awful white whale that
destroyed him. *°**

~Are you through? said Don Sebastian, quietly,
“tam, Don.

Then tentreat you, tell me ifto the best of your own convictions,
this your stary is in substance really true? fis so passing

wonderfull Did you get t from an unquestionable source? Bear with me
‘ft seem to press,

“Also bear with all ofus, sir sailor; for we all join in Don
Sebastian's sult’ cried the company, with exceeding interest

Is there a copy of the Holy Evangelists in the Golden Inn,
gentlemen?

“Nay. said Don Sebastian; ‘but I knaw a worthy priest near by, who
‘will quickly procure one for me. Ego for it; but are you well advised?
this may grow too serious.”

“will you be so good as to bring the priest also, Don?
“Though there are no Aulo-da-Fés in Lima now,’ said one of the company

to another, fear our sailor friend runs risk of the archiepiscopacy
Letus withdraw more out ofthe moonlight. [see no need of this.
