sticking-plasters at ai, those black squares on his cheeks. They were
stains of some sort or other. At frst Hanew nat what to make of this;

but soon an iniding of the tnuth occurred to me. Hremembered a story

‘ofa white man—a whaleman too—who, falling among the cannibals, had
been tattooed by them, ! concluded that this harpaoneer, in the course
ofhis distant voyages, must have met with a similar adventure. And
whatis if, thought I afer ailf i's ony his outside; a man can be

‘honest in any sort of skin, But then, what to make ofhis unearihty
complexion, that part af, mean, iying round about, and completely
independent ofthe squares oftatlooing, To be sure, it might be

nothing but a good coat of tropical tanning; but Inever heard of hot
sun’s tanning a white man into a purplish yellow one. However, had
never been in the South Seas; and pethaps the sun there produced these
extraordinary effects upon the skin. Now, while ail these ideas were
passing through me tike fightning, this harpooneer never noticed me at
aH, Bul, after some difficulty having opened his bag, he commenced
fumbling in it, and presently pulled outa sort of tomahawk, and a
seal-skin wallet with the hair on. Placing these on the ald chest in

the middle of the room, he then took the New Zealand head—a ghastly
thing enough—and crammed it down inta the bag. He now took afThis
hata new beaver hat—ehen Fame nigh singing out with fresh surprise
‘There was no hair on his head—none to speak of at ieast—nothing but a
‘smal! scalp-knat twisted up on his forehead. His bald purplish head now
tooked for all the world lke a rildewed skull, Had not the stranger

stood between me and the door, | would have bolted out oft quicker
than ever Hbolted a dinner.

Even as it was, | thought something of slipping out of the window, but
itwas the second floor back. Fam noe coward, but what to make ofthis
‘head-peddling purple rascal altogether passed my comprehension,
Ignorance is the parent of fear, and being completely nonplussed and
confounded about the stranger, Heonfess Iwas now as much siraid of
hhim as ifit was the devil himself who had thus broken into my roam at
the dead of night. In fact, Iwas so affaid of him that Fwas not game
‘enough just then fo address him, and demand a satisfactory answer
‘conceming what seemed inexplicable in Rim,

Meanwhile, he continued the business of undressing, and at fast showed
his chest and arms. As ive, these covered parts of him were

checkered with the same squares as his face; his back, too, was alt

over the same dark squares, he scemed fo have bean in a Thitly Years’

Wer, and just escaped from it with a sticking-plaster shirt. Stil

more, Nis Very legs were marked, as if pareat of dark green fogs

were running up the trunks of young paims. Ht was now quite plain that

fhe must be some abominable savage of other shipped aboard of a whaleman
‘in the South Seas, and so landed in this Christian county. !quaked to

think oft. A peddier of heads too—pethaps the heads of his own

brothers. He might lake a fancy to mine—heavenst ook at thal tomahawk!

But there was no time for shuddering, for now the savage went about
