instant his whole marbieized body formed a high arch, tke Virginia's
Natural Bridge, and warninaly waving his bannered fakes in the ak,
the grand god revealed himself, sounded, and went out of sight.
Hoverinaly halting, and dipping on the wing, the white sea-fowls
fongingly lingered over the agitated poo! that he feft.

With oars apeak, and paddies down, the sheets of their saits adri,
the three boats now stily floated, awaiting Moby Dick's reappearance.

“An hour, said Ahab, standing rooted in his boat's stem; and he gazed
beyond the whale's plane, towards the dim biue spaces and wide wooing
vacancies to leeward. ftwas onty an instant; for again his eyes seemed
whifing round in his head as he swept the watery circle. The breeze

now freshened; the sea hegan to swell

“The birdst_the birds!” cried Tashtego.

In tong Indian file, as when herons take wing, the white hirds were now
ail ying towards Ahab's boat; and when within a few yards began
uttering over the water there, wheeling round and round, with joyous,
expeciant cries. Their vision was keener than man’s; Ahab could

discover no sign in the sea. Bul suddenly as he peered down and down
inio is depths, he profoundly saw a white fiving spot no bigger than a
white weasel, with wonderiul celerity uprising, and magnifying as it

rose, tilt umed, and then there were plainly reveaied two tong

crooked rows of white, glistening teeth, floating up from the
undiscoverable bottom. Itwas Moby Dick's open mouth and soroited jaw:
‘pia vast, shadowed bulk stil haif blending with the biue of the sea.

‘The glitiering mouth yawned beneath the boat fike an open-doored marble
tomb; and giving one sidelong sweep with his steering oar, Ahab whitled
the craft aside from this tremendous apparition. Then, caling upon
Fedallah to change places with him, went forward to the bows, and

seizing Perth's harpoon, commanded is crew to grasp their oars and
sland by to stern

Now, by reason ofthis timely spinning found the boat upon its axis,
its bow, by anticipation, was made to face the whale's head while yet
undes water. But as if perceiving this stratagem, Moby Diok, with that
‘malicious inteligence ascribed to him, sidelingly transplanted
jimseif, as it were, in an instant, shooting his pleated head
tengihwise beneath the boat.

‘Through and through; through every plank and each tb, it titled for
‘an instant, the whale obliquely tying on his back, in the manner of a
biting shark, slowly and feetingly taking its bows full within his

‘mouth, so that the tong, narrow, scrotied lower jaw curled high up into
the open air, and one ofthe teeth caught in a row-tock. The bluish
pearl-white of the inside ofthe jaw was within six inches of Ahab's
head, and reached higher than thal. In this attitude the White Whale
new shook the slight cedar as a mildly cruel cat her mouse. With
