But, as yet we have not to do with such an one, but with quite another:
and atl a man, who, iTindeed peculiar, it onty results again from
another phase of the Quaker, modified by individual circumstances.

Like Captain Peleg, Captain Bildad was a wello-do, retired whaleman,
But untike Captain Peleg—who cared not a tush for what are called
serious things, and indeed deemed those seif-same serious things the
veriest of all tiles Captain Bildad had not only been originally
‘educated according to the strictest sect of Nantucket Quakerism, but

all his subsequent acean fife, and the sight of many unciad, lovely
{sland creatures, round the Hom—all that had not moved this native
‘barn Quaker one single jot, had not 2o much as altered one angle of his,
vest, Stil, for all this immutableness, was there some lack of common
consistency about worthy Captain Biidad. Though refusing, from
conscientious scruptes, to bear arms against land invaders, yet himseif
‘had Wimitably invaded the Atlantic and Pacific; and though a swom

{oe to human bloodshed, yet had ne in his straight bodied coat, spied
uns upon tuns of ieviathan gore. How now in the contemplative evening
ofhis days, the pious Bildad reconciled these things in the
reminiscence, Ido not know; but it did not seem to concer him much,
and very probably he had fong since cams to the sage and sensible
‘conclusion that a man’s religion is one thing, and this practical world
quite another. This world pays dividends. Rising from a fie

‘eabin-boy in short clothes of the drabbest drab, to a harpooneer in 2
broad shad-bellied waistcoat, from that becoming boatheader,

chief mate, and captain, and finally @ ship owner, Bildad, as | hinted
before, had eoncluded his adventurous career by wholly retiring from
active life al the goodly age of sinty, and dedicating his remaining

days to the quiet receiving ofhis well-earned income,

Now, Bitdad, Fam sorry to say, had the reputation of being an
incorrigible old hunks, and in his sea-going days, a biter, hard
task-master, They told me in Nantucket, though it certainly seems a
curious story, that when he sailed the old Categut whaleman, his crew,
upon arriving home, were mostly ail carried ashore to the hospital

sore exhausted and wom out. For a pious man, especially for a Quaker,
he was certainty rather hard-hearted, to say the least. He never used

to swear, though, at his men, they said; but somehow he got an
inordinate quantity of cruel, unmitigated hard work out of hemo. When
Bildad was a chief mate, to have his drab-coloured eye intently looking
atyou, made you feel completely nervous, til you could clutch
something—a hammer or a marling-spike, and go to work like mad, at
something of other, never mind what. indolence and idieness perished
‘before him. His own person was the exact embodiment of his ubiitarian
character. On his tong, gaunt body, he cartied no spate flesh, no
superfuous beard, his chin having @ soft, economical nap to it tke

the warn nap of his broad-brimmed hat.

Such, then, was the person that !saw seated on the transom when F
{followed Captain Peleg down into the cabin, The space belween the decks
