the thing so touching it. And Fknow one, who coming into stil closer
contact with the spout, whether with some scientifie object in wew, or
otherwise, f eannot say, the skin peeted off from his cheek and arm.
‘Wherefore, among whalemen, the spout is deemed poisonous: they try to
evade it Another thing; Hhave heard it said, and to not much doubt

it, half the fet is faidy spouted into your eyes, it will blind

you. The wisest thing the investigator can do then, it seems to me, is

to let this deadly spout alone.

Sti, we ean hypothesize, even ifwe cannot prove and establish. My
‘hypothesis is this: that the spout is nothing but mist, And besides

other reasons, to this conclusion Iam impelied, by considerations
touching the great inherent dignity and sublimity ofthe Sperm Whale; +
‘account him no common, shallow being, inasmuch as itis an undisputed
fact that he is never found on soundings, or near shores; all other

whales sometimes are. He is both ponderous and profound. And !am
convinosd that fom the heads of al ponderous profound beings, such as
Piaio, Pyrtho, the Devil, Jupiter, Dante, and so on, there always goes

Lup a cerlain semi-visibie steam, while in the act of thinking deep

thoughts. While composing a tte treatise on Eternity, thad the

curiosity fo place a mirror before me, and sre fong saw reflected

there, a curious involved worming and unduiation in the almosphere over
my head. The invariable moisture of my halr, white plunged in deep
thought, after six cups of hot tea in my thin shingied attic, of an

August noon; this seems an additional argument for the above
supposition.

‘And how nobly itaises our conceit of the mighty, misty monster, to
behold him sotemnly sailing through a caim tropical sea; his vast, mild
‘head overhung by a canopy of vapor, engendered by fils incommunicable
contempiations, and that vapor—as you wil sometimes see it_glorified
by a rainbow, as if Heaven itself had put its seal upon his thoughts.

For, d'ye see, rainbows do not visit the clear air they only irradiate

vapor. And 50, through ail the thick mists of the dim doubts in my

‘mind, divine intuitions now and then shoot, enkindting my fog with @
‘heavenly ray. And for this {thank God: for all have doubis; many deny;

but doubts or deniais, few along with them, have intultions. Doubts of|

‘all things earthly, and intuitions of some things heaveniy; tis,

‘combination makes neither believer nor infidel, but makes a man who
regards them both with equal eye.

(CHAPTER 88, The Tail
‘Other poets have warbled the praises ofthe soft eye of the antelope,
and the Jovely plumage of the bird that never alighis; less celestial

oetebrate 3 tad,

Reckoning the largest sized Sperm Whate's tail to begin at that point
ofthe trunk where it tapers to about the girth of a man, iteomprises
