in her wake; and, al the stightest motion from within, even but of a
litte finger, the vibrating, cracking craft canted over her spasmodic
‘guawale Into the sea. Thus they sushed, each man with might and main
clinging to his seat, to prevent being tossed to the foam; and the tail
form of Tashiego at the steering oar crouching almost double, in order
to bring down his centre of gravity. Whole Atiantics and Pacifies
seemed passed as they shot on their way, til at length the whale
somewhat slackaned his Right

“Haul ip haul inf cried Stubb to the bowsmant and, facing round
towards the whale, afi hands began pulling the boat up to him, white
yet the boat was being towed on. Soon ranging up ty his flank, Stubb,
firmty planting his knee in the clumsy cleal, darted dart after dart

into the flying fish; atthe word of command, the boat alternately
steming out of the way of the whale's horrible wallow, and then
ranging up for another fing

‘The red tide now poured from all sides of the monster like brooks down
a hill. His tormented body rolled nat in brine but in blood, which
bubbled and seethed for furlongs behind in their wake. The slanting sun
playing upon this crimson pond in the sea, sent back its eRection

into every fave, so that they all glowed to each other tke red man.

And ali the wile, jet after jet of white smoke was agonizingly shot

‘rom the spiracie ofthe whale, and vehement puff after puff from the
mouth ofthe excited headsman; as al every dart, hauling in upon his
‘crooked tance (by the tine attached to i}, Slubb straightened it again
and again, by a few rapid blows against the qunwale, then again and
‘again seatitinto the whale,

“Pull up—pull up? he now cried ta the bowsman, as the waning whale
relaxed in his wrath, “Pull upt—ciose tol" and the boat ranged along

the fish's flank. When reaching far aver the bow, Slubb slowly churned
his tong sharp lance into the fish, and kept it there, carefully

churning and churning, as if cautiously seeking to feel after some gold
watch that the whale might have swallowed, and which he was fearful of
breaking ere he could hook it out, But that gold wateh he sought was,

the innermost life of the fish. And now itis struck: for, starting

{rom his trance into that unspeakable thing called his “furry.” the
monster horribly watlowed in his blood, overwrapped himseifin
impenetrable, mad, boiling epray, so that the imperiled craft,

instantly dropping astern, had much ado binaly to struggle out Fam

that phrensied twilight inte the clear air ofthe day.

And now abating in his furry, the whate once more rolled out into
view, surging from side to side; spasmodically dilating and contracting
‘his epout-hole, with sharp, cracking, agonized respirations. Attest,
gush after gush of clotted red gore. as ifit had been the purple tees.

of red wine, shot into the fighted air; and falling back again, ran
dripping down his motionless flanks into the sea. His heart had burst
