captain, that only yesterday his ship spoke a vessel, whose captain
and chiet- mate, wit six sailors, had ail died of a fever caught from a
blasted whale they had brought alongside.”

Upan this the captain started, and eagerly desired to know more,
“What now?” said the Guernsey-man to Stubb,

"Why, since he takes itso easy, tell hior that now thave eyed hion
carefully, 'm quite certain that he's no mare fitto command a
whale-ship than a St. Jago monkey. fn fact, tell him from me he's 2
baboon.”

“He vows and declares, Monsieur, that the other whale, the dried one,
is far more deadly than the blasted one; In fine, Monsieur, he conjures,
18s, 28 we Vatue our fives, to cut loase from these fish.”

Instantly the captain ran forward, and in a loud voice commanded his
crew to desist from hoisting the cutting-tacktes, and at once cast
Jooge the cables and chains confining the whales to the ship.

“What now?" said the Guemsey-man, when the Captain had returned to
them.

“Why, let me see; yes, you may as well tel him now that—thatin fact,
teil him I've diddied him, and (aside to himself} perhaps somebody
else”

“He says, Monsieur, that he's very happy to have been of any service to

Hearing this, the captain vowed that they were the grateful parties
{meaning himself and mate} and concluded by Inviting Stubb down into
his cabin to drink a bots of Bordeaux,

“He wants you to take a glass af wine with him,” sald the interpreter.

“Thank him heartily; but tell him is against my principtes to drink
with the man (ve diddled. in fact, tel hier t must go.”

“He says, Monsieur, that his principles won't admit of his drinking:
‘but that if Monsieur wants to five another day ta drink, then Mensiour
had best drop all four boats, and pull the ship away from these whates,
{or i's 50 catm they won't dst”

By this ime Stubb was over the side, and getting into his boat, hailed
the Guemsey-man to this effect —that having a fong tow-fine in his
boat, he would do what he could to heip them, by pulling out the
tighter whale of the two from the ship's side. While the Frenchman's
boats, then, were engaged in towing the ship one way, Stubb
