profound darkness—his last drop of Bremen olf being gone, and nota
single fiying-fish yet captured to supply the deficiency; concluding by
hinting that his chip was indeed what in the Fishery Is technically
called a_clean_one (thats, an emply one), well deserving the name
of Jungtrau or the Virgin

His necessities supplied, Derick departed; but he had not gained his,
ship's side, when whales were almost simuttaneously raised from the
‘mastheads of both vessels; and so eager for the chase was Derick, that
without pausing to put his oi-can and lamp-feeder aboard, he slewed
round his boat and made after the {eviathan tamp-feeders.

Now, the game having risen to feeward, he and the oiber three German
‘boats that soon followed him, had considerably the start ofthe

Pequod's keels, There were sight whales, an average pod. Aware of their
danger, they were going all abreast with great speed straight before

the wind, rubbing their Banks as closely as so many spans of horses in
harness. They tefla great, wide wake, as though continually unrotling

a great wide parchment upon the sea.

Full in this rapid wake, and many fathoms in the rear, swam a huge,
‘humped oid bull, which by his comparatively slow progress, as well as,
by the unusual yellowish incrustations overgrowing him, seemed
aificted with the jaundice, or some other infirmity. Whether this

whale belonged to the pod in advance, seemed questionable; for itis
not customary for such venerable leviathans to be at ail social
Nevertheless, he stuck to their wake, though indeed their back water
must have retarded him, because the white-bone ar swell at his broad
muzzie was 2 dashed one, tike the sweil formed when two hostile
currents meet, His spout was short, slow, and laborious, coming forth
with a choking sort of gush, and spending itself in torn shreds,

followed by strange subterranean commotions in him, which seemed to
have egress at his other buried extremity, causing the waters behind
him to upbubbie.

 

“Who's got some paregoric?” said Stubb, “he fas the stomach-ache, fm
afraid. Lord, think othaving haifan acre of stomach-ache! Adverse
winds are holding mad Christmas in him, boys. t's the first foul wind
ever knew to blow from astern; but ook, did ever whale yaw so
before? it must be, he's lost his tier”

‘As an overladen Indiaman bearing down the Hindosian coast with a deck
toad of frightened horses, careens, buries, rolls, and wattows on her

way, 50 did this old whale heave his aged butt, and now and then partly
turing over on his cumbrous rib-ends, expose the cause of his devious
wake ia the unnatural stump ofhis starboard fin, Whether he had Jost
that fin in battle, or had been born without itt were hard to say.

“Only wait a bit, od chap, and Fl give ye a sting for that wounded
arm,” cried cruel Flask, pointing to the whale-tine near hin
