‘There; keep thy finger on it. This is 2 cogent viee thou hast here,
carpenter, fet me feel its gtip once. 80, 50, it dos pinch some,

‘Oh, sit, it will break bones—beware, heware!

No fear; Hike @ good grip; Fike to feet something in this slippery
world that can held, man, What's Prometheus about there?—the
blacksmith, [mean—whal's he about?

He must be forging the buckle-screw, sir, now.

Right. t's a partnership; he supplies the muscle part. He makes a
fieroe red flame there!

Aye, sir: he must have the white heat for this kind of fine work,

Umum, So he must. Ido deem it now a most meaning thing, that that old
‘Greek, Prometheus, who made men, they say, should have been a
blacksmith, and animated them with fre; for what's made in fre must
property belong to fre; and so hel's probabie, How the soot fies!

‘This must be the remainder the Greek made the Africans of Carpenter,
when he's through with that buck, tell hin to forge a pair of steel
shoutder-biades; there's a pediar aboard with a crushing pack.

sir?

Hold; white Prometheus is about it Pi! order a complete man after a
desirable pattern. imprimis, fly feet high in his socks; then, chest
modelled after he Thames Tunnel, then, legs with roots to ‘er, to stay
in one place; then, arms three feet through the wrist, no heart at all
brass forehead, and about a quarter of an acre of fine brains; and fet
me soe—shall larder eyes to see outwards? No, but puta skylight on
top af his head to illuminate inwards, There, take the order, and away.

Now, what's he speaking about, and who's he speaking to, I should Te
to know? Shall Fkeep standing here? (_aside_}

“Tis but indifferent architecture to make a blind dome; here's one. No,
0,0; trsust have a lantern.

Ho, ho! That's i, hey? Here are two, sir; one will serve my turn.

What art hou trusting that thiet-eatcher into my face for, man?
‘Thrusted light is worse than presented pistols.

Hhought, sir that you spoke to carpenter.
‘Carpenter? why that's—but no;—a vary tidy, and, !may say, an extremely

‘gentiemantike sort of business thou art in here, camenter—or would'st
thou rather work in clay?
