“The whale is a mammiferous animal without hind feet” —_Baron
Cuvier,

 

“in 40 degrees south, we saw Spermacetti Whales, but did nat take any
{iW the first of May, the sea being then covered with them.”

—_Cotnett's Voyage for the Purpose of Extending the Spermaceti Whale
Fishery_.

“inthe free element beneath me swam, Floundered and dived. in play,
1m chaos, in battle, Fishes of every colour, form, and kind; Which
language cannot paint, and mariner Had never seen, from dread
Leviathan To insect millions peopling every wave: Gather'd in shoals
Immense, like floating Isiands, Led by mysterious instinets through
that waste And trackless region, though on every side Assaulted by
voracious enemies, Whales, sharks, and monsters, armd in front or
Jaw, With swords, saws, spiral horns, or hooked fangs.”
—_Monigomery’s World before the Flood_

“fo! Paeant lol sing, To the finny people's king. Nota mightier
whale than this In the vast Atfantic is; Not fatter fish than he,
Flounders round the Polar Sea." —_Charles Lamb's Trlumph of the
Whale.

“in the year 1890 some persons were on a high hill observing the
whales spouting and sporting with each other, when one observed:
there—pointing to the sea—is a green pasture where out children’s
‘grand-children will go for bread.” —_Obed Macy's History of
Nantucket.

“ruitt a cottage for Susan and myself and made a gateway in the
form of a Gothic Arch, by setting up a whale's jaw bones.”
—_Hawthorne’s Twice Told Tates_

“ene came to bespeak a monument for her frst love, who had been
‘lied by a whale in the Pacific ovean, no fess than forty years
ago." —_ibid_

“No, Sir, "is a Right Whale’ answered Tom, “saw his sprout; he
threw up a pair of as pretty rainbows as a Chistian would wish to
fook at. He's a raal oil-but, that fellow!’ —_Cooper's Pilot_.

“The papers were brought in, and we saw in the Berlin Gazette that
whales had been intoduced on the stage there.” —_Eckermann's.
Conversations with Goethe_.

 

“My Godt Mr. Chace, what is the matler?” | answered, “we have been
