‘foods surging over us; we sound with him to the kelpy bottom of the
waters; sea-weed and ail the slime afthe sea is about us! But _what_

Js this lesson that the book of Jonah teaches? Shipmates, itis &
two-stranded lesson: a {esson to us all as sinful men, and a lesson to

me as a pilot ofthe fiving God. As sinful men, itis a tesson to us

all, because itis a story of the sin, hard-heartedness, suddenty

awakened fears, the swift punishment, repentanee, prayers, and finaly

the detiveranee and joy of Jonah. As with all sinners among men, the

‘in ofthis son of Ammittal was in his wilhul disobedience of the

‘command of God—never mind now what that command was, or how
conveyed-—which he found hard command. But all the things that God
would have us do are hard for us to do—remember that—and hence, he
oftener commands us than endeavors to persuade. And ifwe obey God, we
must disobey ourselves; and itis in this disobeying ourselves, wherein

the hardness of obeying God consists,

“With this sin of disobedience in him, Jonah stil further fouts at
God, by seeking to fee from Him. He thinks that a ship made by men
‘will carry him into countries where God does not reign, but only the
‘Captains ofthis earth, He skulks about the wharves of Joppa, and seeks.
1 ship that's bound for Tarshish, There lurks, perhaps, 2 hitherto.
unheeded meaning here. By all accounts Tarshish could have been no
‘ther city than the modern Cadiz. That's the opinion oftearned men,

And where is Cadiz, shipmates? Cadiz.is in Spain: as far by water, from
Joppa, at Jonah could possibly have sailed in those ancient days, when
the Atlantic was an almost unknown sea. Because Joppa, the modem
Jaffa, shipmates, is on the most easterly coast of the Mediterranean,

the Syrian; and Tarshish or Cadiz more than two thousand miles to the
westward from that, just outside the Staits of Gibrattar. See ye not

then, shipmates, that Jonah sought to flee world-wide from God?
Miserabie man! Ont most contemptible and worthy of ali scorn: with
slouched hat and guilty eye, skulking from his God; prowling among the
shipping tke a vite burgiar hastening to cross the seas. So

disordered, self-condemning is his took, that had there been policemen
in those days, Jonah, on the mere suspicion of something wrong, had
been arrested ere he touched a deck. How plainly he's a fugitive! no.
baggage, not a hat-box, valise, or carpet-bag.—no friends accompany him
to the wharf with their adieux. Atlast, after much dodging search, he
finds the Tarshish ship receiving the fast ilems of her cargo; and as

he steps on board to see its Captain in the cabin, all the sailors for

the moment desis! from hoisting in the goods, to mark the stranger's

evil eye. Jonah sees this; but in vain he ties to fook aif ease and
‘confidence; in vain essays his wretched smile. Strong intuitions of the
‘man assure the mariners he can be no innovent. in their gamesome but
sil serious way, one whispers to the other—“Jack, he's robbed a

widow” or, “Joe, do you mark him; he's a bigamist” or, “Harry tad, |
guess he's the aduiterer that broke jail in old Gomorrah, or betike,

‘one of the missing murderers from Sodom.” Another runs to read the bill
that's stuck against the spite upon the wharf to which the ship is,

‘moored, offering five hundred gold coins for the apprehension of a
